You must post a clear and direct question in the title. The title may contain two, short, necessary context sentences. No text is allowed in the textbox. Your thoughts/responses to the question can go in the comments section. more >>
I have learned English.
How to bunny hop
You laugh, but have you ever realized you walk faster diagonally? It's because you're using your forward-walking and your strafe-walking muscles simultaneously.
After getting shot I can heal myself by drinking a energy drink
I just hide in a corner until the heartbeat sounds stop being annoying and the colors come back.
How did you know that's how I deal with all my other problems, too?
Mario Kart Wii taught me how to drive
Drivers ed teacher: “WHAT ARE YOU DOING!? STRAIGHT! GO STRAIGHT!”
While throwing bananas
I can apparently rob a bank better than most other people on the planet, and can commit a long series of robberies and break-ins without ever getting caught.
AAAAAAAAAGHH
2 coal ores and 1 iron ore makes 1 steel bar.
99/2 = 92
God that was depressing when I realized that...multiple times.
Can you explain what that comment means?
His comment?
Wow. And I thought getting 75 mining was a trek.
copper + tin = bronze
Inventory anxiety
Become a hoarder.
The problem with video games is when i get overwhelmed with all my items and accepted quests i just start a new game. In real life i get overwhelmed and cant wait for game over.
In RE4 i easily spent hours making ny weapons nice and neat. It had no bearing on my effectiveness in combat or anything, it just made me feel hetter seeing how tightly i packed the different ammo types next to their corresponding guns, just above my triple herb powder and fresh backups herbs if i need to make more.
Loot all corpses I come across.
Only thing to do really... Everything else just leads to looting corpses.
I'm not trying to beat the game, I'm just trying to loot better corpses
how to become super rich by painting paintings that look like they're made by elementary schoolers. i've played the sims a lot.
how to go to the bathroom for 2 hours
17? My Sims usually marry the first person they date
I usually neglect the whole socialization thing in the Sims. Just like real life.
Who has time for that when you have to grind all your skills? Get on that treadmill for six hours, you've got a promotion to earn.
Desperately trying to get that last tiny bit of exercise in before the car pool arrives at 8am
You’re telling me you don’t make him wait that extra 59 mins outside your house so you can get maximum skill gains without being late for work?
That's what got me. It's one of those details you don't normally catch. My sim went to the bathroom and peed (he was standing up) for 3 minutes. Must've had a bladder the size of a watermelon.
Also how to play The Sims within The Sims
How to have sex with someone - spam 'flirt' and 'compliment appearance' before gesturing toward a bush and asking to 'woohoo'.
Rocket scientist thanks to kerbal space program
You can run country from playing Civ but you can expand only by playing EU IV
I'd be the world's greatest king and worst father thanks to CK2.
Is there something wrong with loving your children?
No! There's NOTHING wrong with loving your children. As long as they have the Genius, Strong, and preferably Attractive trait. Otherwise they're what we call "in the way" of their "much better younger sibling" and will soon be "assassinated by their father in a horrifyingly non-euphemistic way."
You can't plot to assassinate your kids, but you can give them rabies, the Black Death and cancer and edit the history books to say 'mild cough.'
You can't plot to assassinate your kids
Nah, screw that. Just turn all of your kids into your rivals as you raise them (which also makes them ambitious), then duel the shitty ones. Of course you might end up with your imbecile, ugly, weak son killing you to take the throne but hey, it must be part of god's plan. Deus Vult.
This guy crusades and kings.
In the context of CK2, I think it's paramount that you define "loving".
Tactical nuking of my enemies or anyone who dares look like they'd be fun to nuke needs to go on this list as well then.
Building settlements.
‘Another settlement needs our *your help’
I have learned to never go the correct direction in a maze. All the good loot is in the wrong direction dead ends so always check them first.
The worst is finding a fork in the road, but you can’t tell which leads to progression and which is a sidepath to loot, so you go down the progression path first by accident and then have to backtrack when you realize you probably missed some loot.


Rolling gives me invincibility frames.
If i sleep next to someone they fucking die
But if I shoot them with an arrow, they kinda flinch and go on with their lives
And that your tongue can go right through someone.
What game was that?
Could be Jigglypuff in Super Smash Bros?
The ability to use a magic wand and hang the corpses of my fallen fellow gamers.
I learned 33 different forms of martial arts.
I know Kung Fu
Show me
Stop trying to hit me and hit me!
Tank...load the jump program.
I can kill monsters by throwing my tears at them
Can you not get hit with bad damage?
AYEVERYBODY
Look at real life problems like dark souls boss fights
"Honey we need to talk"
I'd stand really still and if my wife tries to hug me, I'd parry it and stab her in the stomach
Cant parry gwyn grab
But you can parry everything about that pitiful old man instead, including the feels from the fact that you're killing an old man.
Lock picking
Many Morrowind/Oblivion/Skyrim lockpicking sessions.
So, say I came across this safe, right? Hypothetically speaking, you might be the guy to help me open it, yeah?
As long as you post what's in the safe.
You gotta wait for the statute of limitations to run out on... A thing I did.
I'm still salty that that one guy opened up one of those doors you need a dragon claw thing for without using one. And then you never learn that skill.
How to search a room for all its valuables and by extension break all the clay pots.
How lawnmowing makes you rich
HYAAH!
In my day it was “hmph”
...now I know why I'm good at puzzle rooms/escape rooms.
How to fly old WWII fighter planes
it ain't WW2, but there's a 100% accurate A10 simulator out there. it literally requires you to do every step it takes to actually fly the real plane. every preflight check, every switch, etc, all with the added difficulty of impaired spatial awareness and having to hit everything with a mouse instead of your hands. the manual is a few hundred pages thick.
I am certain you mean DCS World. If so come to r/hoggit!
You've got a hole in your left wing
"Suffered damage of central gear leg"
laughs in BV 238
laughs in stockpiled silver lions
Cries in ground rp gain
I've -no joke- learned to read Cyrillic script because of the cockpit gauges in IL2 Sturmovik.
I haven't learned how to read Cyrillic script and it looks like you said "Oh no!"
How to fly experimental old WWII fighter planes.
How to engineer the perfect bio weapon thanks to plague inc!
The key is to give every human on earth a cold then fuck them up. So if you notice everyone at work is just a little sick, you know things are about to go down.
Not even a little. If the real world was really just me playing plague inc. we could all have a super virus that dose nothing just waiting to develop total organ failure at the exact moment everyone has contracted it...
I always do diarrhea and sneezing ... it’s usually pretty funny
Ah yes. The “Oops” combo
Agreed. Keep it low key until everyone has it, then fuck the planet up.
For the less noticeable pathogens and those that don't cost to remove symptoms, creating an asymptomatic illness to infect everyone is best, I find. Once no one is healthy, just use Systemic Failure to kill everyone really fast. The world won't have time to set up a budget to kill your plague.
I must be terrible at this game. I can't even beat fungus on normal.
The key is to keep it undetectable for as long as possible, while simultaneously infecting as many people as possible. No one starts working on a cure until they realize there's something spreading.
Fungus can be hard, but I play to skin legions, then birds, birds. more birds = better life
This massive epidemic affecting 80% of the population only gives you the sniffles. Why bother searching for a vaccine?
I'm moving to Madagascar!
Too easy! Iceland and Greenland always screw me over.
Iceland is always quick to shut off its border.
I always try to get it to where viruses travel easily via ships super early.
Iceland has an airport and a port so its easier to wreck. Greenland is only a port, no land borders, and only has the cold condition so its invincible if your plague gets high alert before it's infected, and it's still really resilient anyway unless you burn points on 2x cold resistance.
How to jump while already in the air.
Also, how to jump twice my height.
And to turn in mid air
Turn? Hell, change direction and fall 200ft only to negate any damage by rolling once you hit the bottom.
That’s actually true. As long as you roll just right, you can’t get hurt from fall
brb, going skydiving w/o a parachute.
Once you start to feel your feet shatter like glass, ROLL BABY ROLL
And if you screw it up and take a bunch of fall damage, just heal your legs by eating the 200 cabbages you're holding.
Make sure to eat a cabbage the same instant as you hit the ground for those sweet, sweet invulnerability frames.
And jump barely hitting the ground while picking up speed
Running diagonally makes you run faster.
I tend to run faster when the other guy is carrying a knife.
Fallout has taught me to leave a few bottle caps, a few cigarettes, a .32 pistol and Dandy Boy Apples in every safe that I own.
How...how many safes do you own?
Personally, I have two safes in every room. Never know which side of which room you'll be in when you need to lock and load.
How...how many rooms do you own?
Personally, I have two rooms in every house. Never know which side of which house you'll be in when you need to lock and load.
How...how many houses do you own?
Personally I have 2 houses in every community. Never know which side of the neighborhood I’ll be on when I need to lock and load.
How...how many communities do you inhabit?
Personally, I have 2 communities in every city, never know which side of town I'll be on when I need to lock and load.
How...how many cities do you live in?
I've started collecting literal tons of bottlecaps, ready for the impending nuclear fallout.
So you're planning on being the richest ghoul out there, huh?
Despite being only 5'8" and a senior, I can now slam dunk a basketball.
Citizen or high schooler? One would be throughly more impressive than the other.
He means senior citizen
Maybe he's spanish which would make him a señor
Ah, so he's Señor Senior, Sr!
Who needs a gun when you can use a lightsaber and shoot lightning out of your fingers
Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid.
-man killed by ancient weapon.
Jumping on turtles
If you don't kick them afterwords, you haven't finished the job.
FINISH HIM
I catch animals in the woods and make them fight each other for my amusement. I'm training to be a pokemon master
That you need to start your attack for a two handed weapon like 20 feet away from someone.
Thanks to Assassin’s Creed, I can run forever, climb buildings with ease, do cool parkour, sneak very sneakily, survive falls from orbit by landing in a cart of hay, fight like a pro, and have a nice hood.
It's all good in the hood.
But in his heart he knew that there are many socioeconomic problems in the hood
Just means the Animus training was successful.
Yeah, the Bleeding Effect really helped me out.
I always enjoyed picking different color combinations for my assassin's outfit, and I thought man I wish I could do this in real life. Then I realized I could
I always felt dirty changing their colors or outfit, cause it feels like their default outfit is part of their character
Same unless the strongest armor looks goddamn ugly *cough* Armor of Brutus*cough*
And if you're from Italy, you can wear at least three collars without looking like a complete tool.
to always reload your gun even if youve only fired one shot
And to reload it by throwing out the old magazine and replace it with a new one. Also that doing so doesn't get rid of the bullets in the magazine you just threw away, some how.
Or, for Borderlands players, just throw the whole gun and try not to get hit by the explosion while the gun reforms, fully loaded, in your hands.
Buy a god damned Torque gun!
Vladof! You don't need to be a better shot- you just need to shoot more bullets!
Every time you throw an empty mag on the ground, you slyly dump all the bullets back into your backpack first, where they magically reassemble with (30-x) other bullets to form another perfect mag.
Where can I buy such magic bag? Reloading sucks (even with reloaders), but if i can just take this mag-pumping backpack, I'll be king of Tri-gun!
2,500gp from your friendly, local magic item dealer.
And if you unexpectedly find a shitload of ammo and/or a new weapon.........big boss battle imminent.
I distinctly recall the terror of finding eight bullets at once in The Last of Us.
One bullet: ooh freebie! Two bullets: it's my lucky day! Five bullets: shits gonna go down
Eight bullets is just "well I'm fucked"
Just don't take the bullets
r/shittygametips
When a narrow hallway opens to a huge ass colluseum, you will have a boss battle.
I can summon a legion of killer chickens. Only downside is they only attack the summoner.
In BOTW you can use cuccos against enemies. Hold one while the enemy is attacking you.
Mad handbrake turns courtesy of DiRT Rally.
Let's see...
EVE: Advanced Scam Detection
Open a trade with me, i can give you double the skill, no injectors needed.
That it’s ok to kill the hooker so you can get your money back afterwards
That's just good business.
And you get an extra 25 health!
Physics doesn't apply to horses
How to make objections
"Objection, your honor!"
"The witness on the stand is a ghost!"
To be the best like no one ever was.
How to build a pyramid using gold blocks and live in it and go zombie hunting at night
That I can carry 36x64 cubic meters of gold
I can shoot fire out of my hands, ride horses, shoot a bow and arrow, captain a pirate ship, yell at dragons so much that I kill them, stop time when I don't move, fly, run at supersonic speeds, and have sex
And eat like a million grilled leeks and 8 cheese wheels in a fraction of a second to heal all wounds.
That it is totally fine to break into people's houses and loot everything as long as no one sees you. Also fine to stand on a table next to someone and pickpocket them as long as you are out of their line of sight. And take your time choosing what you want...
Or just put a bucket on their head, they won't care.
When I die I just load a previous save. Also saving all the time to test shit out like in a Bethesda game.
Spyro taught me to fly around breathing fire and to kill small animals to regain my health.
I learned from Mario that no matter how many time you save someone, they're going to continue getting kidnapped.
I can now do cosmic engineering by rolling up a bunch of stuff and turning it into stars. It's a useful skill for when my dad goes on a drunken rampage and destroys the cosmos.
Die of dysentery.
Okay.
I always take the ladder out when anybody is in a swimming pool.
DOOM 2016 taught me how to rip and tear the shit out of demons, while listening to an awesome game soundtrack, and gleefully giggling through the entire campaign.


"Shortly after the incident, class resumed as usual."
It is kinda funny because it makes the whole thing casual, no big deal.
“Ok class let’s conti- Tommy stop crying it’s only a flesh wound...”
Chicks dig scars now walk it off.
Just get a plaster... drink some water as well.
dont tell your parents okay, and you wont have to worry about science class this year.
Getting a bullet fragment lodged in your neck during class should be worth all the classes for that year imo
Well Timmy you know some might say you were wrong to step in front of my gun, some might say you even intentionally did it, and your bad grades arnt any indications of brilliance either so why dont you just sit down and be grateful
Tis but a scratch Tommy
Reminds me of when guns come out in Trailer Park Boys. Julian just keeps sipping his drink in the middle of the gunfight.
Even when the car flips over, he still has a full drink that he's sipping on
A student could have been killed move along
He probably visits /r/2meirl4meirl so no worries
It’s like reading a satire on america.
It’s like reading a satire on america.
Honestly, it probably would have been TOO SILLY for the Onion. It's more like a Monty Python sketch :(
Guns in school. Situation normal, continue lesson.
But Billy’s got a hole in his stomach now!
Side effects of attending school....
It’s funny because there’s no way in hell this happened the way they say it did. Teacher shoots a gun off in class, student is bleeding from the neck badly enough that the parents “rushed him to the hospital”, and they just resume school as usual?
Bless you my child for the desk pop reference. Would have been a missed opportunity.
Better give that teacher a wooden gun that'll show 'em
Pretty sure that’s what did happen. The school even admits the first part happened like that. I’m guessing there was some blood, little enough not to notice right away by administrators but enough to worry the parents once the kid told them later.
A teacher accidentally fired a pistol inside a California classroom while lecturing about public safety and injured three students, according to police.
I read a different article last night that said he was teaching the students how to disarm someone with a gun, not public safety. And the class is titled Administration of Justice. That's a pretty weird high school class name.
Even disregarding how weird that is, couldn't he have just used a dummy gun? why does a real gun, loaded or unloaded, need to be used in that kind of training?
Fuck, he should have used a dummy gun. You don't use real guns for this sort of thing, unloaded or not, ever. This guys fuckin incompetent and needs to be fired.


If you're practicing drills, you never use a loaded gun. Hell, i never use a real gun since there is chance I drop my gun and add a scratch, or some kind of mark to it. Safety wise, I've never seen anything gun related in training using a real fucking pistol.
I have a feeling the teacher is about to get an education on the Administration of Justice before this is over.
And it seems that the student wasn't treated for his neck injury at school.
"Son, what happened to your neck?"
"Damm kids and their entitlement, back in my day when a teacher shot us we just walked it off. These days it's all "Waahh, I need to go to the hospital because my neck is spurting blood." Just go to the nurse and have her cauterize it with a lighter, then get your ass back into your seat."
Millennials! Am I right? Pfftuh
They are. There are no Millennials born after the year 2000, because by definition they wouldn't be Millennials. The age range varies depending on the source for each generation, because it's kind of arbitrarily decided anyway, but generally about 20ish years is the span of a generation. So Baby Boomers were 1940-1960, then 1960-1980 for Gen Xers, then 1980-2000 for Millennials. The current cohort of youngsters that will fall into the 2000-2020 group are referred to as the iGeneration or Generation Z. These numbers are of course variable, and the sociologist you cite may pick ranges +/- 1 to 5 years. A lot of it is determined by "shared events" by the collective during their upbringing so it isn't a hard and fast cut-off.
I'm going with XKCD's judgement, and cutting it at 18 years long, period. Now, the names, on the other hand...
It's not the nail polish, it's the Emoji. They are going to be the first generation to have Emojis be ubiquitous throughout their childhood
Agreed that it's about being the emoji generation rather than the "nail polish generation", but did he choose that emoji for any reason in particular?
These names keep changing and it's all bollocks.
"back in my day they shot us we still finished the school day and then walked home backwards barefoot 8 miles in the snow"
"Back in my day, when they shot us, we had to say 'Thank you' or we would get shot again!"
"Thank you sir, may I have another"
Both ways uphill
It's amazing how many comments over on the "School walk out" thread read just like this. I only skimmed it briefly and saw at least two people comment that "these kids had nothing to complain about, they have it easy these days". People are crazy (or trolls).
I can’t understand these comments - high school is in no way easier than it was 20 years ago. Now, the admins are just trying to push unnecessary advanced/honors classes on students to keep their numbers up, and students are spending all of their time getting their magic number, their GPA, higher than everybody else.
The only thing that will stop a butterfingered teacher with a gun is a student with a gun. Arm the schoolchildren!
Is there a way we could arm the guns with guns?
Until a student accidentally shoots a teacher. Then the teachers will need to be doubly armed to prevent that.
And that's how the arms race began
I have a PhD in Physics.
>go to school
Also, what about hearing damage? Even one shot at close range can create permanent hearing damage. Potential class action.
If every student in the class is involved in the class action lawsuit, is it a "class class action lawsuit" or a "class² action lawsuit"?
2 Class 2 Action
All I know is they’ll be known as „action class“ after this.
The teacher is a cop and on the city council. She's basically immune to punishment.
He’s basically immune to punishment.
How the hell can you be a committed cop and teacher? Those jobs are almost 24/7. Teachers still have tons of shit to do after school is over, and cops don’t get a break on duty. She shouldn’t be a cop or a teacher.
Cop, teacher and city councillor. Also apparently incompetent at all three of those jobs as I believe for all positions “accidentally shooting children” constitutes a failing grade.
I mean shooting children is bad for most jobs, but cop and teacher are probably 2 of the positions where you should really try your hardest to avoid shooting children.
Reserve cop.
That teacher was also a police officer... So presumably that weapon was also his service pistol.
He must have thought he was the only one in the room responsible enough, like that DEA agent who shot himself in front of a class while playing with his Glock.
https://youtu.be/am-Qdx6vky0
This is hilarious. I've seen it before, but I didn't recall the audio of him talking about how he is the only one in the room professional enough to carry a gun. That those are his comments made immediately prior to shooting himself in the leg is so perfect.
So, I'm against arming teachers for a few reasons, but is this really an armed teacher or did he bring the gun in, as a "trained" police officer or whatever specifically for this lecture?
Well, he's a reserve police officer, but the article says this:
It's in CA. He's not allowed to bring a gun. My friend who is a cop and has kids at the same school as me, isn't allowed to carry concealed on campus when off duty, I'm sure a reserve officer doesn't have more rights than an active police officer.
CA teacher here!
The line between The Onion and reality keeps getting blurrier.
I actually submitted this to r/nottheonion and it was deleted for being “not oniony”. What? A police officer accidentally shooting a gun while teaching about gun safety is about as “oniony” as it gets.
As well as it happening when there is talk about arming teachers in the US
Why in the fuck was the gun even out of the fucking holster? All of these incidents are 100% avoidable with some basic firearm safety knowledge. The gun stays in the holster until you have to use it or you get home. If for some reason it has to leave the holster for a reason other than having to use it, KEEP YOUR FUCKING FINGER OFF THE TRIGGER. This isn't complicated.
It isn't complicated if all people treat guns as you describe. The fact is, large groups of people cannot be expected to all do a given thing properly. It doesn't even have to be about guns.
100% correct. I was in the Army for 6 years, and this statement applies to soldiers equally as well.
I was having this conversation with my best friend the other day. Vacuums have "Do not insert penis" on the instructions. That's why we need rules and laws. Because of people that do stupid crap like that.
I think the best analogue for a gun is actually a car. We all know how to use a car properly, but that doesn't stop thousands of people from being killed on the road every day. We tolerate these deaths because we rely on cars to have a productive society. We don't need guns in schools, so it's going to be a lot harder to accept the fatalities that will inevitably come from firearm accidents.

And even if it was out of the holster, why was it loaded for a goddamn safety lecture?
Why was it loaded tho
From what I read, he was showing that it was unloaded. I can only assume he removed the magazine and didn't eject the chambered round.
That’s some dumbass guy who shouldn’t be teaching public safety.
Part-time cop.
Part-time Reserve Cop*
Full-time idiot
I feel like the bigger headline is that a police officer and city councilman accidentally fires gun and injures a student. I think that'll get a lot more attention. Or at least that's how I'd phrase it in the lawsuit.
The current talking point from the right is arming teachers to help protect students. This article will forever be used by the left to demonstrate the counter point to that argument.
This part concerns me...
Checking the chamber after removing the mag is like rule #1 of Gun Safety 101
Also keeping your finger off the trigger.
I know that... and I don't even shoot guns I just watch movies
Treating every gun as though it were loaded is actually number 1. Followed by never pointing it at anything you don't want to kill or destroy. Also always have it on safe until ready to fire. And then there's the one about keeping your finger straight and off the trigger until you're ready to fire. Then the lesser known one about knowing your target and what is behind it.
How the fuck can you own a gun but not know about/forget about the chambered round? If you make such a gun handling 101 mistake, you shouldn't be allowed near guns at all.
Because the reserve police officer failed to properly clear his weapon before doing dumb shit.
I like guns, and so do many of my friends. They will often show me their new purchases when I visit them, and every time, they take it from the safe, check safe and clear, and hand it to me, where I proceed to do the same damn thing. And if it’s something I don’t know how to operate, I keep it pointed a safe direction and don’t fuck with it until they tell me how to clear it.
accidentally
found the lawyer




The teen’s father, Fermin Gonzales, said he rushed his son to the hospital after the 17-year-old returned from school with blood on his shirt and a neck injury.
Another article said the Principle came in and apologized, but no one even thought to look for injuries.
as a medic they hammered into us to check every part of the body after any combat injury regardless of anything. There was a medic who treated an amputation from an IED, loaded the patient into a humvee, by the time they arrived at the aid station the pt bled out from wounds on his rear side that could have been controlled. Medic didnt check and figured the blood was from the leg wounds. when reading this article this is the first thing I thought of, this kid is lucky he didn't walk home and drop dead.
Had one like that where a guy was shot 15 times. Trauma stripped everything but his underwear, didn’t think he needed the embarrassment. Well ED confirmed a 16th bullet wound to the mans testicles
Ack! Now I know to strip down on that case, and I have a story to justify it.
I’m walking around naked from now on to save time. Don’t need to tell me twice
I was already walking around naked. But now I have a reason. Well, a “reason.”
Did he live?
I never got confirmation on if he survived to discharge or not.
Yeah, the story with my rescue unit is that a few years before I joined, we had a guy refuse EMS at a wreck scene. Two hours later, he dropped dead while at home with his family from severe internal bleeding. Some years later, I was on the scene of a dragster crash at a race track, we relayed that to the driver to talk him into going.
I rolled a truck due to black ice one winter. I landed in a big powdery snowbank and a broken windshield wiper was the extent of the damage but my truck was upside down. Another car hit the same ice, flipped and bounced, paralyzing the driver, and I helped deal with that situation while I waited for a tow truck. Every few minutes somebody would spot my truck and ask if that driver was okay. I was holding the backboard like, “I’m right here. I’m fine.” Just about everyone who showed up that night tried to examine me because they were sure I was hiding injuries and probably about to explode. A weird and surreal experience but I’m glad they all tried.
Did you tell the medic afterwards??
"Sorry we shot your kid. You can have him back."
Principal came in and apologized
"Sorry you got shot and all but seeing as you're not dying, and the guy that did it is an important community member we're just going to go ahead and pretend this didn't happen. Back to work!"
Princi-pal. Sorry. I’m only doing this on principle.
Dammit. I know the difference and must have just overlooked that. Thanks for the correction.
I don't want to be your princi-pull, I want to be your princi-pal.
Furthermore, they just kept on going with class! It's all just insane to me. Did they even ask if all the students we okay? Clearly not since one was bleeding from the neck...
I’m imagining that the kid is, like, REALLY socially anxious and quietly sat for the rest of the day thinking “Is it too late to ask for help with this now” “Ugh I’m gonna bleed out from the main artery in my neck how embarrassing” “Why couldn’t I have just not gotten shot ugh now I’m a burden on everyone”
If my daughter came home from school with blood on her shirt and a neck injury I would not react appropriately. Her teacher and principal would not enjoy their next interaction with me. But my lawyer would.
sounds perfectly appropriate to me
Right? That would be insane. I'd never be okay with sending my kids back to a school again, and I'd definitely not be okay with knowing that teacher is still employed or that the school is freaking standing.
You know, where I went to school, I'd almost half jokingly say that all the nurses would give us for a bullet wound/grazing, would be an ice pack and sent us back to class.
Back in my day we fixed car engines with ice packs.
What story, obviously we should ban students from school.
Schools could be a place where we store guns, instead!
We should arm the guns. To prevent shootings.
That teacher must have been a violent video games fan.
Even worse, he was a police officer.
He also listens to rap music and death metal.
and has The Punisher symbol on his car
And was a Millennial.
Alexander also serves as a reserve officer for Sand City police
If you look at cop training hours, they really don’t receive much handgun/weapon training. Like wayyyy less than people think
Police training varies to a required MINIMUM of 600 hours and 14 weeks field training. It varies by state.
That's academy hours, not specifically firearms training. They do shoot a bunch at the academy, then (at least the local well funded, well equipped PD I can reference) qualify once a month. Some departments only require officers to qualify once every 6 months to a year, and even then it's usually a pretty short session.
The average "gun nut" spends more time, money, and ammunition training than the average police officer.
A trained cop - A TRAINED COP
Bullet fragments ricocheted off the ceiling and hit a 17-year-old student in the neck
or blinded
or expelled
Ok hermione
/r/unexpectedhogwarts
You need to sort out your priorities!
Hawking dead, Putin on a rampage, teachers shooting guns in school, but at least people still make Harry Potter references.
You need to sort out your priorities.
What the hell kinda ceiling is that anyways? My school had that cardboard shit you could throw pencils at and make them stick. Good times those. Every pen and pencil in the room stuck in the ceiling.
Those are just the ceiling tiles, there is probably a metal or cement ceiling above that. I imagine that is what caused the ricochet.
Yeah, it'll be cement if it has a floor above it, and either cement or metal if it's the top floor. Not to mention there will be cast iron pipes, metal brackets, and all kinds of other shit up there for a bullet to fragment on.
Same for my high school. It probably would’ve injured someone on the second floor.
There is clearly only one solution here: we need to get rid of schools.
You can't have any school shootings if there is no school!
Taps forehead with gun*
Accidentally shoots children*
Bans forehead tapping*
Agreed. We have to ban schools! They've become too dangerous for the children and we MUST think of the children!
We need to ban:
Look, I'm not saying that schools create shooters, but all shooters have went to a school at least once in their lives.
They all drank water too. BAN WATER.
"This wouldn't be an issue if we just privatize water." - Nestle, probably.
Nestle definitely
Dihydrogen monoxide strikes again.
The whole world is addicted to this dangerous chemical.
I'm pretty sure they were a born of women as well. Just something to think about going forward.
Gotta arm the students to protect themselves from armed teachers
At what point do we start arming the bears? I mean, do we believe in our Constitution or not?
Dude. You don't arm the bears. You take the bears arms! Do you even constitution?!
Can we take a stuffed(taxidermy) bear, turn the arms into guns, then bring the whole thing to schools?
You probably thought this was common sense gun reform. Nope, Chuck Testa
Constitutional scholar here: The bears are supposed to be in short sleeved attire.
Bear militias must be well regulated
Nah, don't get rid of schools, get rid of teachers.
Might as well make it 24 hours put bunks in each classroom and only let them out to congregate in the gym one hour out of every day, as well as armed security and glass windows so their parents and loved ones can visit them. Just so they're extra safe
You just gave every executive on Private Prison companies a extreme hard on.
They can also work for pennies an hour doing simple labor purely out of the goodness of being ordered to. I really think we are making a break through in child rearing and society here.
or we get 100 students to parachute onto an island
Are we talking a cartoony island, or a poorly rendered glitchy but realistic island? I am down for either one, I just want to know how to dress.
Not just a teacher.
No school shooter would enter a classroom with armed teachers, as they'd be afraid they'd be mistaken for an innocent student and shot.
As long as you're not dressed like a ceiling tile, you only have to worry about ricochets.
We need to take guns away from these dangerous police officers.
No, if the kids were allowed to have guns at schools, obviously they would have prevented this. The only thing that stops a teacher with a gun is a student with a gun.
No, the guns aren't dangerous only the people so we need to give guns to the guns so they can stop the guns from being used inappropriately.
As an animal rights activist apart of the NRA I believe we should give guns to the animals to protect themselves from hunters.
As a random redditor apart of the reddit community I believe we should arm all of the redditors with confetti guns because that would be awesome.
Oh, the irony. Lecturing on public safety while waving around a loaded gun.
More than that - don't use live ammo in a demonstration or training environment.
Well this happened much sooner than I anticipated
It sounds like this teacher broke multiple laws and failed to follow all gun safety Protocols.
Imagine that a volunteer cop can't handle a weapon safely and shots an innocent bystander
He just did his first desk pop...
omg....! I had no idea this could happen! No one saw this coming!
Since the ceiling got unexpectedly shot first, I suggest we arm ceilings.
The ceiling was resisting.
Who knew arming teachers would be so complicated.
Nobody knew adding firearms into the classroom could be so complicated.
I understand him maybe bringing the gun as a prop to whatever he was talking about, but did it really need to be loaded, chambered, safety off for this?

"On Sept. 28, 2016, deputies and social workers were called to Stoneman Douglas High School after receiving reports that Cruz had attempted suicide by drinking gasoline a week earlier and was cutting himself"
I don’t understand how a child who was obviously suffering SO much and was diagnosed with Depression, ADHD, OCD, and autism wasn’t in continuing treatment or therapy. Is mandated reporting for teachers, safety officers, and medical personal not a thing outside CA?
I believe the parents have to agree to it. My mother is an elementary school teacher in the midwest and she has seen lots of kids who would benefit from some extra help (kids with autism, ADHD, and just not ready to advance.) All she can do is suggest things. The parents have the final say and lots of times they go into denial and refuse the extra help. So the child continues to suffer. Also those treatments arent free. Lots of families simply cant afford the extra help.
It's not always denial either. Mental health isn't covered on most basic health plans. I called to add mental health to my plan (United healthcare) when I found out it's not covered automatically 300$ monthly increase to my bill. Tried other insurance company's even called about getting the government supplied insurance and they are all around 900$ a month when mental health is included. So for a family of 4, 900$ a month with a 6250$ per person deductible. I was advised the increase was so much because they include pregnancy with mental health, I cannot purchase them separately. Is pregnancy a mental health issue? I thought it would fall under securing human existence or something, but no. So mental health care sometimes isn't an option for what I'd assume most of the country.
Reading shit like this makes me wish I had dual citizenship with another developed nation. That's fucking insane, but with every medically related company (especially insurance companies) lobbying our government, we can't expect much in the way of competition or free markets. It's so fucked.
And trying to get citizenship to another nation that actually has it's shit together is nearly impossible and prohibitively expensive. The people who can afford it are the people who can afford to live in the US, so they see no reason to move.
Not impossible but yeah... using Germany as an example:
That's what happened in Newtown. Adam Lanza had been recommended by several different people including doctors at Yale for some serious treatments and therapies, both inpatient and out. Mom refused, decided to home school the crazy bastard and even thought that teaching him how to shoot AR15s at a target range would be therapeutic. Sure was. She was the first person he exploded at close range in her bed. And they were way richer than most so they had decent insurance.
Nope. In Florida you can be Baker Acted. You can literally be institutionalized against your will if you need psychological help. The fact that it didn't happen to this kid is ridiculous.
Having gone through the ringer as a teenager I can tell you pretty confidently that the same thing happened here that always happens: everyone thought he was somebody else's problem. Someone like him is never a priority until after they've done something heinous. We've got a pretty clear pattern of red flags that precipitate these crimes, but for the people who see those red flags everyday they're just signs that he's a danger to himself... and a mentally ill kid who is a danger to himself is a self-solving problem.
Yep that's the fucked up thing about suicide, depression' hell mental illness in general. no one cares until its too late for most people. Sure when a celebrity kills themselves we send thoughts and prayers for a week then we go back to not caring. Why does therapy cost so much? Why do meds cost so much? Why does no one have a support system?
Wife is a licensed mental health counselor in Florida... if nobody's paying the bill, it's pretty much baker act for 3 days, home or prison - unless a private citizen (usually mom or dad, maybe a rich aunt) is paying the bill for long-term care facilities. Insurance doesn't cover much of this at all, even awesome insurance.
Don't blame the teachers. Mandated reporters are only mandated to report. That doesn't mean that the people they report to are actually going to do anything about it, ultimately.
Probably couldnt afford it because of money
Mental health care is for the privileged! Not for the poor! /s
Plenty of reporting happened, and zero state action.
And this is Florida, one of the easier states to get a involuntary mental health hold in! https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Florida_Mental_Health_Act
Yeah, the fact that no one involved bothered to invoke the Baker Act, a piece of legislation literally MADE for cases like this, is pretty absurd.
Sadly no one really cares until it's too late, then it turns out "everyone cared and knew and was sooo worried"
I was Baker Acted after my therapist read an entry in my journal where I had stated I wondered how long I could watch myself bleed out if I cut my throat open.
I hope you're doing better now
Well I don't want to kill myself anymore and I have a supportive husband. So that's a step in the right direction.
The sheriff was on the CNN town hall and the NRA spokeswoman called him out on it. He just kept saying point to an individual case, and she's like there were 40 of them!
It was his school to protect and one of his officers didn't act. That guy needs to resign.
This is what fucks with my head. This dude was reported and obviously mentally unwell. Someone should have at least attempted to do something. Then there was a post yesterday about a kid mentioning a square root symbol kinda looks like a gun and they searched the kids house. What the fuck?
Probably in different PDs. Some are overzealous, others are just plain lazy
I think it is theatrics by a few cops in the former case. When there's a shooting, suddenly every case is high priority.. and then they forget.. till another incident happens... same as media :(
"security theater."
I feel uncomfortable thinking that he was failed by officials who could have helped him. He obviously had numerous cries for help, with drinking gasoline as one of the big ones. If the FBI & the police department did their jobs, he would have had to get help & would not have been able to purchase guns. But they didn’t & he was allowed to continue doing horrible things.
The school knew of his issues. The Sheriff office got 18 calls. The FBI got 39 reports. Seems like we have a problem with awareness and these groups not taking threats more serious if anything.
We have been told
Pretty much. If I see threats on social media I report it. Always. Would be nice if the people on the other end did their jobs as well. The FBI apparently didn't even try to ask the social media platform for his IP, so they could see where he lived, after he made threats on social media.
I wonder if there is even a cumulative effect. Like I'm sure the FBI gets a lot of individual reports and there is noise on that front but when they receive multiple reports on one person does it get priority or does each one get put on the pile to be sorted and investigated in the order they came in?
I don't know. But when the school gets reports, the police get 18 reports, and the FBI gets 39 reports, it's a clear failure that no one decided to check up on the guy at all.
My sister’s middle school had a school shooting threat.
I probably would've gone after that VP for that.
that vp is an asshole
and don’t forget the armed guard at the school has now resigned for not going inside the school building... the system just failed on so many levels. The adoptive parents and school failed to get him help, the sheriff and the FBI failed, the guard who was supposed to be guarding the school wasn’t doing his job. This is beyond a just guns- the private security company, the school, the city and the state, and the federal government all fucked up and have blood on their hands. The only people who did anything right were the folks who called in those tips thinking they were making a difference
the private security company,
BSO got 39 calls in total about Cruz.
But oh, the problem is entirely about mental illness.
I mean mental health treatment would have been at least part of an appropriate response.
Any response at all would have been part of an appropriate response
No, the problem is entirely the guns. Or, wait, it's entirely the video games. Or, wait, it's entirely the press coverage these people get. Or, wait...
It’s almost as if there are multiple causes for any given problem!!
I blame evolution. It's the single traceable cause to all human problems.
In the beginning the Universe was created. This had made many people very angry and has been widely regarded as a bad move.
-Douglas Adams
Actually spontaneous biogenesis... But actually actually, the big bang.
So many problems that we can't work on fixing any single on one of them because any time anyone attempts to it's like, "But that's just part of the problem and we need to a quick easy fix for everything," and that all encompassing maguffin doesn't exist and will never exist!
Or maybe if the officers who were given that information had take a few more minutes out of their day to actually investigate the calls? The fact that there were so many should have concerned someone. ANYONE.
Tbf, the APA has a study saying media has had an effect on increasing the number of hers shootings. It isn't the sole problem but is a factor.
If the system worked properly this kid wouldn't have the ability to buy guns after 39+ calls about concern around what he may do.. This is absolutely shocking.
The new details add to the growing list of red flags missed by law enforcement officials
The Broward County Sheriff's Office has an official policy of ignoring crimes committed by high schoolers. They do this to reduce their crime statistics and keep their grant money.
to forgive petty crimes by high schoolers
Yeah that's a pretty loose definition of "petty crimes"


So if you dont punish people for breaking the law they just break it more because there are no repurcussions? Wow whoulda thunk?
I have hypothesizes that schools do something similar by not reporting bullying.
Wouldn't surprise me
You mean like that one time when someone stole something out of my backpack and handed me its ashes the next school day and the teacher fucking laughed?
Something similar happened to me. The junkie kid in my class stole my ipod from my backpack, came up to me the next day and told me about it to my face with a shitty grin on his face. When I told the teacher she did absolutely nothing. I was so pissed. And yet we got in trouble for handling shit on our own, what a joke.


You only need to not report the incident to get the kickback; the laughing is on the teacher because he was a dick.
Lets lower arrests by not making arrests! Idiots.
The Town I'm from fired their entire police department and let the county take over. Arrests shot through the roof.
It's happened elsewhere, and was a major premise of the show The Wire in part authored by a former Baltimore homicide detective.
sounds like things really backfired
Whenever a metric is used to measure productivity people will find away to manipulate them.
Yes. You can either do the work, or work on gaming the metrics.
Why put the work in for a chance that it'll work when you can rig the system and guarantee results?


Sounds like things worked out the way they planned them...
We regularly see that the laws on the books are not the problem. We have good laws. However, we have poor execution of the laws and this is usually due to politicians that would rather have quick political wins to advance their careers by ignoring the laws on the books. This is a prime example.
Just like the 161 calls to 911 that were ignored in Clearwater, FL where McPherson was killed.
Ya missed is a bit of an understatement here. I understand missing some things when you get tons of calls a day. But if youre getting calls that are linked, you THINK a red flag would go off in your head. This looks horrible
Get a call about someone selling weed...get kick doored by a swat team. Cross your fingers they don't accidentally kill someone, or shoot your dog.
My friend's house got raided because her brother was selling weed. She kept the dog locked in her bedroom, but the dog was still barking at the intruders tearing apart the house. One of the cops said "I will shoot that dog if you don't shut it up". Of course that was before everyone had cell phones recording every intense moment.
because we all know how easy it is to shut up a stressed dog in a highly unusual and confrontational situation
And cops wonder why people don't like them very much.
Sheriff should resign. He played the crowd at townhall and didn't accept any responsibility.
Agreed, his shameless dodge against Mrs. Loesch’s questions about police inaction was bad before but all of this new information elevates it to a new level of awful.
He’s an idiot that deserves the door and hopefully it’ll hit him on the way out
One of the most fucked up thing about this was the family who took this kid in. They were so casual about this armed psycho that was beating their own kid up. Fucking unbelievable.
When people cannot control something, they deem that thing okay. The thing being okay is better for the psyche than admitting they are not in control.
Usually I'd argue that hindsight is 20/20 and there's more to the story, but holy shit this is bad. There's no way everyone in that department was doing their job right.
And the deputy assigned to the school ran away when he heard gunshots.
Oh, it doesn't stop there. I teach in Broward. The day after the shooting, an officer outside of North Broward Prep near Parkland misfired his gun and sent the entire district on lock down.
I hope they gave him one of those wooden guns afterwards
He gets a single bullet that he has to keep in his pocket.
These fuckers definitely giving off a Barney Fife vibe
Nope, I'm taking that too. Here's a whistle. If you see a crime, blow it, and someone with a gun will come.
Poor guy, he probably got convinced to do a desk pop and the department decided to call is a “misfire” so people wouldn’t think they have a bunch of deranged pimps working in their department.
I've never understood how you misfire a gun. I've been shooting for more than 20 years and have never had an incident where a gun went off on accident. I'm at a total loss on how people manage this. The guy who gave my conceal and carry class missfired at the range (he was doing everything correct and the missfire went downrange, but I still don't get how it even happened in the first place. Just more reason to follow gun safety rules I guess.)
I remember the ruger lc9s (maybe) having a recall where if the safety wasn’t all the way to fire and you pulled the trigger, nothing would happen, then when you moved the safety down to fire it would go off. Scary shit
Now that is a reason not to own that weapon. Fuck that dysfunctional shit.
You know what? Fuck that Sheriff during the town hall too acting like they weren't totally part of the problem as well. I love how this information all comes out after that town hall also
Thanks for actually saying it and calling them out. He emphasized how people need to reach out if they suspect something. Apparently a lot of people did and nothing was done.





Don't forget the Sherrif's constant message of giving police more power to put people in mental institutions.
THAT is what scared me the most about that town hall. He was being cheered by the same people who would otherwise complain about police militarization. Of course, Cruz should've been institutionalized. Over thirty reports is way more than enough to prevent someone from getting a gun and being monitored if the police departments and then the states just simply report it to the NICS.
Yes that was really scary especially since it seemed like everyone in the crowd was completely for it not understanding consequences just because he putting blame on the NRA.
Oh no! It’s allllll the FBI’s fault for not doing anything. Not the cops that were called and went to his house 30+ times due to violence issues.
I feel like they are ALL to blame, but the local police are more to blame IMO
Goddamn, it's like post-Columbine all over again. The local police drop the ball, again.
They're too worried about writing proposals for new used millitray gear and getting people off the streets that had a gram of a plant that grows almost anywhere on the planet.
Bingo. Locking us up because of a plant makes more money. Nevermind the fact that I cannot sleep at night and don't want to use the shitty sleeping pills the VA prescribes me. I'm obviously worse than a school shooter.
Right! Like, fuck me for being a horrible Crohn's disease patient and wanting to keep myself in remission without chemotherapy. Better lock me up.
What kind of money do they get for stopping a school shooting? They get money from federal programs for busting pot dealers, from issuing citations and from civil forfeiture. Stopping a school shooting doesn't get them money, and isn't worth investing officer time and effort into.
It was actually the opposite, the Broward County school board financially incentivized the Sheriffs office to NOT arrest students even if hey were violent or sold hard drugs repeatedly.
I'm just really confused how he was given the green light to buy a gun if he's had all this trouble?
No arrests, no charges, no crimes, no record.
It was school policy to not arrest students to keep arrest numbers down for funding purposes. Even violent offenses were shrugged off.
Crime statistics are so manipulated.
He was quick to blame everyone else, but when his department's failures came up he said "The only person at fault was the shooter."
Did you see how he placed all the blame on the NRA spokesperson during that NRA meeting? I couldn't believe what I was hearing out of his mouth. The NRA lady called the sheriff out for ignoring all of the warning signs, and he totally deflected her statement and placed all the blame on the NRA to get the crowd riled up. Absurd.
Sheriff has to get reelected somehow.
The main Sheriff, Scott Israel is very rude and doesn’t answer the questions. He takes all the credit and took away from my city and all of the others. His department failed to do their duties multiple times. The first sheriff guy, the 20-39 calls, the lack of first responders, and more. My city, the city of Coral Springs, was the first responders on scene. We were the ones who came in and made sure the building was secure. We were the ones that captured the terrorist. Our cops children were the ones that were attending the school.
I was getting the douche vibe from that Sheriff. Trying to steer the blame away from him and his department and making populist statements.
I also felt like he was really smug... like trying to appeal to the audience and get the applause. I also hated how he kept wanting more money for his department. It was all really sketchy IMO but everyone was too busy pouring their hate on the woman - which they have a right to but Israel hardly got any.
Israel was definitely downplayed in this whole thing I agree.
A lot of people failed These kids
Yeah just heard about this fact this morning
So the one LEO waited outside while teachers took bullets for kids? Those teachers should get any benefits that clown had coming to him.
It's like the scene in Saving Private Ryan with Corporal Upham and Mellish...only no happy ending or moment of clarity/bravery :-(
The guy can’t help his friend, and then he executes a defenseless soldier. He’s just a coward all around.
I read that scene was an analogy for America not getting involved in Ww2 and as a result more Jewish people dying.
That’s a bingo.
We just say bingo.
The SRO didn't run away, he "waited outside for four minutes". When active shots only went for 5-6 minutes, you can imagine the lives saved if he had cut that by 70%...
Oh Brave Sir Robin.....
And he gets to retire with benefits.
Because the police have zero legal obligation to put themselves in harms way for you.
And yet whenever they shoot some unarmed person they love to throw around how dangerous their job is, fucking enraging
I bet if they called and said he had a pot plant, the SWAT team would have burst down his door the same day.
Okay new idea: the next time someone reports an unstable person to the cops, mention they might have a small amount of weed and maybe the cops will take it seriously? /s
I see your /s but it might be an actually good idea...
No, this is Florida. They would have spent about a million dollars in surveillance and an undercover sting to locate the provider of the seed, then after they fail to find the seed kingpin they entrap the kid who had a plant in a "massive" seed ring that they created for the sake of justifying their sting.
Wow now I just imagined a police of Florida edition TV show where they're like these big wannabe bad asses roping down from helicopters and riding ATVs with assault rifles just to bust teenagers smoking while playing xbox with their friends
This this is depressingly fucking true and is so much of what is wrong with police today.
Wow. This sunk deep. Apparently weed is more dangerous than guns now.
Well yeah, people that use weed could be high so they are easy to arrest and usually non violent. Not to mention most people that use weed aren’t even bad people. It’s just free money for the cops.
So what we're saying is stop giving under 18 year olds infinite free passes?



I assume FL is like NJ, and sheriffs are elected. Want to know why the sheriff came hard-charging at the NRA and gun control? Because it deflects from the fact his own agency failed on multiple levels. Can't... well, shouldn't... get reelected if you are absolute shit at your job.
Sheriffs, like judges, make no sense to be an elected position. It's hard enough to keep track of your local and national representatives, mayor and governor. Sheriffs and Judges have a specific job which requires expertise in a specific field. Being part of the political party you support says nothing about their qualifications.
shouldn't... get reelected if you are absolute shit at your job.
half seems pretty generous.
This dude really just wants to put the blame on the deputy who waited to go in, while he has shown a gross amount of negligence as well.
He didn't "wait to go in" he never went in.
That CNN Town Hall was a joke. The sheriff completely avoided the "why wasn't anything done when you were called about this guy over a dozen times?" and the person asking the question got booed.
Seriously? Why the hell was the person booed? That makes no sense. The question they asked is THE question to ask. Goodness this is all too strange.
Because she was the NRA spokesperson so everything she said had to be booed.
Because the town hall was completely rigged to blame the NRA and guns instead of mental health and police imcompetence.
This was a complete failure of law enforcement, top to bottom to do their jobs. All the way up to the FBI not looking into him all the way down to the deputy stationed at the school and everything in between.
His best friend called the head of the FBI a month before the school shooting, telling them that he was plotting a school shooting. What did the FBI do?
They should have been able to put a flag in a system so that when Cruz went to purchase a gun he would have been prevented. That should include being able to purchase a gun from across state lines, private individuals, gun shows. It should require a doctor's note in order to be able to remove that flag just like getting a driver's license with bad eyesight. And anyone who sold him or provided him access to a gun should be held just as criminally liable like how bartenders are liable if they serve someone already over the limit and they get a DUI.
Can private individuals run the background check if they want to currently?
THIS. I would have ZERO problem with 100% BG checks on every gun purchase if NICs checks were freely available and at no cost to gun sellers.
Yes, just go to any FFL (gun store, pawn shop, specialized people) and they can run it for ~$25. It's built-in new gun purchases.
All of these things you're suggesting are laws that have been in place for at least 10 years. Every single worse of the word "should" in your comment applies to something that already exists, except needing a doctor's note to be removed from the list because it's actually a court order.
So this is where I chime in and say, MAYBE we should be doing more about mental health in schools and in society. I'm not talking about putting people on prozac I'm talking about people being more aware of unhealthy behaviors and finding ways to get them help. My friend's teenage daughter was telling me how her school of 800 kids only has four councilors/therapists working in the whole school.
That's probably alot more councillors than most schools have
The counselor's job is to figure out the class schedules. That's all mine were ever good for. My friends and I reported to a school counselor in high school that our friend with special needs was being abused by his mother and nothing happened.
I’m not the kind of person to go charging towards a gunman, but I feel like people who’s responsibility it is to protect our children should be.
Law Enforcement agents have no legal duty to protect anyone.
This is the hard truth that was confirmed by the supreme Court.
Correct, per the Supreme Court “Castle Rock vs Gonzales”, but they are required to pursue an arrest if encountering someone in the act of committing a crime or with a preexisting warrant. Sitting outside hoping it all goes away is not compatible with that.
So it seems the bigger issue here isn't gun control but our lazy ass fucking law enforcement.
Fuck USA today for posting this kids face everywhere, now hes a goddamn role model to the kids who feel like this is their only option! STOP REAFFIRMING THIS SHIT!
The dailywire.com has kept his face and name off of their site. I hope others follow suit.
Maybe Rolling Stone will put him on their cover.
This right here. I watched on the Facebook news feed the following couple days after this shooting, and I saw multiple shootings prevented. Luckily, kids were reporting things and the police followed up on it, but I feel that there is always an influx of potential shootings after one is widely publicised. It brings someone out of the woodwork, like you said who feel this is their only option, and essentially (I know this is going to sound shitty) gives them a high score to beat in order to get their "fame" Shitty analogy but I remember seeing on an episode of law and order or criminal minds or one of those shows. They said don't show any info about the criminal on the news because that's what they want. They want to be famous. I truly believe that.
This is the first time I have seen his name and face without even having to click the link.
This kid should have been baker-acted into a mental health facility upon admitting self harm. It appears he admitted self harm more than once, not to mention the threats to others. Law Enforcement failed the community with this guy; had he been committed he would have been unable to buy a firearm. Another example of the fact we don’t need new laws, we need enforcement of our existing laws.
FFS my sister only THREATENED self harm and was taken from our family and admitted to a mental hospital for a week, with no prior incidents or crimes to speak of. I know you can’t just act like the thought police and throw everybody away who seems scary, but this kid had a huge history of problems.
I told a friend I "wanted to die". she called 911 and the police picked me up, took me to the hospital where I was strapped into a bed by my arms, and I was admitted against my wishes for 5 days. they made me out to be a total psycho. and I wasn't cutting myself & saying I wanted to buy a gun.
And that right there is why depressed/suicidal people can't talk about their problems with anyone. All a situation like that teaches you is to hide how you feel and lie to people. Also teaches you not to trust.
Also, The mental health intake person (don't know the name of exact position, but it was to do pysch eval) at the hospital should not be doing this job. she acted as if I was an inconvenience. when I said I wanted to go home, she rolled her eyes and said "well you were the one to threaten suicide, if you hadn't I wouldn't have to be here" and was just all around nasty to me. she really made me want to die even more because she just confirmed in my mind that I was only a nuisance to everyone in my life, including total strangers.
I'm sorry you had to be around a person that shitty during a time like that.
So basically there's no answer. It's super common to hear the advice of "call someone" if you think they might harm themselves. But then there's "if you call someone, the suicidal person will just hide it better and makes them not want to talk".
Huh. And I drove myself begging to be committed and was turned away for not having insurance.
I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope you are feeling better.
No beds. No funding. No mental institutions. Government cut that shit out in the 70's brah.
Exactly. That's why the homeless population skyrocketed after those funding cuts.
This^ Some people cannot manage illnesses on their own and their families do not have the resources to care for them so they end up on the streets
They were probably too busy keeping the devil's lettuce off the streets
It seems like instead of the guns people should blame the countless times officials had ignored reports of his tendencies
You must post a clear and direct question in the title. The title may contain two, short, necessary context sentences. No text is allowed in the textbox. Your thoughts/responses to the question can go in the comments section. more >>
Live in Japan. The most shocking thing to me was seeing people walking around with realistic prop guns on Halloween, and no one bats an eye, the cops weren’t alarmed as far as I could tell.
I did love the realistic guns in Japan.
They’re almost certainly Airsoft. You can get them in the USA and UK relatively easily. They range in price from £50 for a cheapo pistol to a couple thousand for a minigun.
You can get them easily but I definitely wouldn't be walking around in public with one here in the States.
Oh no, definitely not in the UK either. You’ll definitely get armed police sent after you if you try.
This happened to one of my friends. He was in middle school and the person who called the cops knew him by name. It was kinda fucked.

For real. Just walking into a don quijote and aeeing air soft rifles that look exactly like the real thing is unsettling. They don't even require having orange safety rings on the barrel to show that it's not a real gun. Gun worries just isn't on their radar here.
Dude! Was just in Tokyo (shibuya area) for Halloween, I was walking down the street when i heard the BRAAPBRAAPBRAAP fire of airsoft guns (m-16’s) and i look up and i see kids in full tac gear moving in formation down a staircase firing at other people dressed up as zombies, and no one was batting an eye.
Grew up in Indiana and used to own several guns. Now I live in Seoul -Dated a girl whose dad was a cop. He did not bring his gun home -Met a girl once who was a competitive shooter. She owned a .22 and everyone in the room was floored that she had it. -There are a few indoor ranges in Seoul. I used to go to one that was covered in biggie and tupac graffiti and half naked girls would seat you on leather couches while you waited. When you were in the range you had to wear a WW2 era flack jacket an army helmet and the girl would stand next to you and clap whenever you hit the target.
When you were in the range… the girl would stand next to you and clap whenever you hit the target.
Well I assume you get the earmuffs while you shoot so I suppose you can just ignore her.
If you don't wear the ear protection you won't even notice her after a couple of months.
Sound strategy.
*No more sound strategy.
What? Sorry, I can’t hear you.
A clapping girl standing next to you sounds like the most Korean thing ever, and I don't know why.
They do the same thing at expensive golf courses. A pack of girls follows you around with refreshments and applauds.
One of my friends used to work for a company that did a lot of business is SEA. He had a golf outing like the one you described, but his cheerleader was also hilariously sarcastic whenever someone else hit a bad ball. "Ohhh, nice drive it go farther than anyone else!" (It flew straight into the water.) He said it was the most fun he ever had playing golf and gave her something like a $100 tip, lol.
I hate the idea of people following you around clapping for you but I am super into the idea of someone following you around and politely shit talking your opponent(s).
Should be incorporated into every televised sport broadcast immediately.
You wonr make this putt... You jackass!!!
"Uhh, Johnson, who is this woman following us along making fun of us?"
Sounds like the only way golf would be enjoyable.
Golf seems lame but it's actually probably the best thing ever. It's really just an excuse to get drunk before 11am and bash things around the park with deadly metal clubs.
An occasional clap wouldn't be that bad
Shot of pennicilin will clean that right up...
I'm in Seoul right now. Would you mind letting me know where this gun range is? Would love to visit be I leave the country!
Somebody is gonna make one in the states and call it sHooters. If they don't, I will.
I've heard of something similar in Las Vegas
There's a range off the strip a ways. Can't remember the name but you can rent almost anything. It was super fun to blow a few clips through a M1 Garand . Damn, it was expensive though.
Vegas is something else, over the summer I saw a wedding chapel, shooting range, and weed store all next to each other
Are you thinking of Battlefield Vegas?
I think I might have been there. M3's, Thompsons, MP5, MP40, M4, M16... was a lot of fun but we got funny looks from people driving by because we walked there and back...
you just want to know cuz he said half naked girls
Why can't both be true?
American living in New Zealand. For the most part it’s no different, with some very notable exceptions.
American living in NZ - this is exactly what it’s like. If anything I find it easier to shoot here.
Attitudes towards police has taken a few cues from exported american culture here sadly. Quite a few times I've encountered situations with teens that are a bit dicey and justify calling the police (I do shift work in public areas, so l see the odd late night scuffle) and they often say 'FTP' or 'nah I'm brown they'll shoot me'.
Nz police do have guns, they have a glock 9mm pistol and a bushmaster rifle in the car, only taken out when necessary. They do not carry firearms regularly, only pepper spray and a taser.
Also I'm pretty sure almost none of them have guns.
Both. We do have cops with guns but you gotta ask for them especially. Seen a guy get tazed once but that's one in a million.
I’m a Brit, living in England. The wierd thing here is generally, nobody realises you can own firearms. I’d say most of the general public believe that, other than shotguns and airguns, everything else is illegal in the UK. I spend a lot of time around firearms and fellow shooters.
So what happens if you let the license expire? Using vehicles as an analogy, in the US, if your driver's license expires, it's not like they take your car away; you just can't drive it (well, legally anyway, there's always those people who take their chances). But a license for gun ownership sounds like it would be a different animal entirely.
The uk has similar laws, and the police will contact you to renew and if you don’t they come and remove the guns.
How does that work with wills, do you have to go get them from the police or does the will count immediately and you just need to fill out paper work?
The police will store them for x amount of time. If you don't qualify to have a gun licence, the guns are disposed of.
Don’t know. Certainly couldn’t buy a new firearm or ammo. It may be possible they confiscate. But it’s so cheap to renew. $126. It’s so much cheaper than the $70 DROS fees I pay back in the US
if you let your license expire, they charge you like $241 when you renew.
New Zealander here. My dad forgot to renew his licence and it expired quite recently. I'm pretty sure he said after it expires there are a couple cut off dates. I think it something like Within 2 years of it expiring you just have to pay a bit extra, more than 2 years and you have to restart the process (interviews etc.). All guns are required to be stored in a gun safe with ammunition and magazines stored separately. So if your licence expired you'd be ok keeping your guns as long as they're kept locked up but you'd get a pretty hefty fine and probably have them taken off you if you tried to take them anyway or use them.
This seems like a really cool approach! I support people’s right to own firearms, but I wish America had a thorough system of checks to ensure that crazy people can’t go out and buy a gun whenever they want.
If I’m reading it right, once you get the license there’s no waiting at all. I don’t understand why anyone would be opposed to an intensive background check that takes eight weeks if it means after that you’re free to purchase a firearm any time for the next decade.
They don't want the government to have a database of gun owners and this would create one inadvertently.
While I don't know my personal stance on the database issue, I find it hilarious how many anti-database people post their guns on facebook.
Moved from the US to the Cayman Islands. The laws are crazy strict here. If you are visiting and a single bullet makes it's way into your bag and is found, you could face 10 years in jail.
The last time I went through customs in Grand Cayman the beagle that they use in customs jump on my carry on. I was kinda surprised as I’m not around drugs or anything like that.
They didn't search your bag very thoroughly then. Also wouldn't a round have been picked up at security?
You would think security would have spotted it in X-ray. The bag was an older maxpedition. It had pockets on top of pockets. The pocket that the round was in was behind one that had a tablet in it. Probably the only thing that saved my ass from trouble that day.
I had absentmindedly tucked some souvenir magnets in my bag lining once (it was flat and I didn’t want them damaged) and got pulled by security. They tore apart my suitcase and never found anything, but I was quite shaken up. I got to my destination and unpacked and found them and realized what exactly had happened.
I’m not smart like everyone else. What exactly did the magnets do to the X-ray machine or w/e that machine is
Gives "ghost images" to the machine (also, could destroy parts of it). (Strong) Magnet in your bag COULD be a hint that you are hiding something and that you are using the magnets to cover it
A friend of mine flew out of dia with a knife his grandfather gave him in his bag. Went through numerous metal detectors at the Smithsonian and in New York. Not one picked it up, until he went through security at JFK airport for the return trip.
Instructor of mine told us that she flew through half a dozen airports in 2010 and discovered a loaded box cutter in the bottom of her carry on during the full unpack at the end. Metal handle, metal blade, the thin style, not a full on utility knife but still lethal. She said she remembered how it got there (by her forgetfulness) and could not imagine how it was not picked up during repeated scans.
The TSA is security theater at best. They're not particularly effective.
Back in early 2001 (before 9/11) I flew back from Nepal to Sweden with twelve giant Khukuri Gurkha knives in one of my bags. It weighed a lot, and when I went to check it I was about to get hit with a huge weight surcharge. The nice Nepalese lady behind the counter pointed out that I could check my other bag and bring that one as carry-on; no-one bothered with the weight of carry-on, and as they were both backpacks, what was the difference?
Only if you know how to use them. If you had 12 I'd assume they were to sell or give as gifts. Unless you're a 12-armed Gurkha. In which case...take whatever you want.
Was it yours? Because this sounds a bit like the "bullet scam" in the Philippines that has been on the news
I used to have a laptop with a little plug-in subwoofer. The most effective place to put it in my backpack was in the front pouch, in front of everything. One day, going through airport security on the way back home from college, I was asked to take the speaker out of my bag and run the bag through again. Apparently the magnet in it blocked the X-ray image of the bag.



I got a scalpel through American security multiple times in my art bag. When we were going through New Zealand security they stopped and looked at my carry on for a long ass time, checking this one obscure spot in the bag. Guy comes over, asks if I have any sharp metal objects, told him I had an art scalpel and handed it over. TSA didn’t catch shit, but the good ol’ kiwi security caught it.
They also would have found any apples, or honey. Much more dangerous to our economy than a scalpel.
I fly weekly around the US, recently I found a larger than average pocket knife in my front pouch of my backpack. Gotten through security at MDW, DFW, Newark... like every large airport in the US. Not one word about it.
meanwhile fourteen year old me got screamed at by a TSA agent when i was travelling with my school group because i accidentally left a couple plastic water bottles in my carry-on.
They don't sell knives on the other side of security, they do sell bottled water.
It’s fuuuuuucking expensive too.
I managed to sneak pointed nose hair scissors through security multiple times. When they finally caught me, they gave me a long speech about not taking 'weapons' on the plane. They confiscated it and told me I needed to buy blunt-nosed scissors.
How fast do you grow nose hairs ffs
2m/day
I always worry that they will take my knitting needles. So far, they have always been okay with them.
I question the thoroughness of airport security. I once accidentally had a razor-blade dispenser in my carry on with at least 25 razor blades, and I only realized once I was on my return flight
Or they found it and pretended not to so they didn't imprison the guy over accidently leaving a singular bullet in his bag.
I almost get this vibe from these stories about this other thread I read awhile back where airport workers in the Philippineswere planting drugs on unsuspecting travelers in order to get bribes in lieu of interrogation/jail.
Sam Harris has you beat.
Do people normally have bullets in such abundance in the US that one might find itself amongst your travel baggage?
Bullets to avid shooters are like golf tees to golfers, they just kinda end up places
Guitar picks, I imagine
That's a great analogy
Honestly probably happens more than you think. People use bags or backpack to go to the range and are careless and don't clean it out. I had a bag just for the range, so didn't have that problem, but I like to think I was responsible enough to not have stray bullets I don't know about in my bags.



I had a box if .22LR rounds dump in my duffle bag. Took me a while to get all the rounds out of it. Even several months later I was finding random 22 ammo in odd nooks and crannies.
Note to self: send mortal enemy to the Caymans and slip a single bullet into his bag.
Yeah, I've been on hunting trips and had a box of ammo come apart in my bag (rifle bullets). I made sure I got all of them but if it was smaller bullets like for a. 22 pistol I could see how you could miss one.
Canadian, I watched a border Security where an American coming into Canada had Ammo in a diaper bag she forgot about.
I traveled a lot when I was young because my dad worked in the foreign service. So when I was around 10 years old, we are traveling from Singapore to the Philippines we are going through security and we put our bags through the scanner. There was this really old Singaporean security guy watching the scanner, who motions to put my backpack through again. It goes through again and he says something to one of the younger guards who asks my family if we have bullets in the bag. We have no idea what he's talking about and are getting nervous because Singapore is so strict with their laws. They tear through my backpack and find a couple .22 shell casings in those little pencil holders backpacks have sometime.
youre fucking lucky that your dad was a diplomat, if he wasnt then you would have been screwed
Except he didn't have any bullets. He had casings. Empty pieces of brass. Would've been in lockup for a day or two but whoever tried to charge him would've been laughed at by their superior because all he had was dirty chunks of brass (and .22 can't even be reloaded, so it's not like it could be made back into ammo later)
How's life in CI? What brought you there? Would love to hear a story or two, never been there!
More of a bucket list item. Lived in the Midwest all my life and wanted a change up. Worked 100 hr weeks some weeks and was working without living. Not a good way to have a life.
that is amazing. Not that you need it from an internet stranger but kuddos!
Thanks! It took almost a year and a lot if work to get a job and get down here, but totally worth it. I forgot how much I loved to read as I hadn't been lost in a book in years, and now I've read more books in the year (plus a few months) ive been here than I had in the past 10 years combined.
I'm guessing this will want a [Serious] tag or it'll be filled with weirdness.
it's early morn over there, this may get buried by the time people are awake - will see how it goes, but thanks
Ends up on the front page
When I was visiting Australia in Melbourne, some random person got stabbed to death in Brisbane and it made the national news.
I am in the U.S. military and have been stationed in Japan for a year now and I love it. I had to leave two hand guns, my AR 15 and shotgun with family when I left. I have never felt the slightest bit afraid any where here even walking through the alleys of Tokyo at night. The culture of respect that has been fostered here coupled with very strict gun laws makes for worry free travels. Every time I visit family I am shocked by how bad the public transportation is, how rude pwople are, and in general I do not feel as safe. I am an advocate for the second amendment. I still have not resolved my internal conflict between my beleif that guns are neccessary to protect yourself and be safe, and my experience here in Japan. Like I said though the culture of respect has much to do with it.
I lived in Japan and can confirm this. I lived in Osaka, a metro area with a population of over ten million. I wouldn’t have feared for my safety in any area, day or night.
America to China: The only difference is I can’t go out for target practice. That’s about it. Never had to worry about safety in either countries, aside from pick pockets.
This will probably get buried since there's so many responses. I am Canadian but lived in the US for many years and was a gun owner.






I used to live in New Zealand before my parents immigrated to the United States. The burglary problem was huge in New Zealand but there was never much of a fear one was going to be murdered by a burglar. Our house got hit twice and the police don't do shit there.
I would say an intruder gets shot by an elderly home owner somewhere in N. Florida about twice a month. It is celebrated by everyone except the meth crowd. That's who gets shot.
I'm an American gun owner and have lived in the South most of my adult life. I studied in Germany during my senior year in college.
American living in Japan, here. I’ve lived in England and Scotland before this, both of which have strict gun control laws, but still have armed policemen and while it’s difficult to get firearms there, it doesn’t even hold a candle to the challenges you will face trying to get ahold of a gun here. You have to pass multiple background and mental health screenings, interviews and safety classes with police, and even after you’re able to secure a permit to buy a weapon, you can still have that permission revoked later on during a yearly review process. You have to be DETERMINED to get a firearm here, and you need an actual reason for why you want it. 'Because I want one’ isn’t a good enough excuse.


Not American, but I know a few Americans here in the UK. It is a bit of a cultural shock when they arrive that even our police constables (PCs) don't carry guns and gun culture really isn't a thing. However, that's mostly offset by the Americans' stereotype that the UK is incredibly safe (which it mostly is).
I visited, its a little awkward when the constable pulls over and asks you if you want a ride back to your flat when you are walking home drunk. 10/10 would visit England again
Yeah, they'll do that for people in Stetsons.
This is the difference between a "Police Force" in the U.S. and the "Police Service" in the U.K. It might look semantics, but there is a serious difference in attitude.
Yep, I live in japan and one night my friend was drunkenly jaywalking when a cop car noticed him.
Instead of fining him, they helped him cross the road and dropped him to his flat.
EDIT: He isn't japanese either.
My mate was drunkenly walking home from a night out at uni, got a lift off the nice policeman, and didn't even arrest him when he was sick in his car. They really do just want to make sure you don't hurt yourself.
The only part of the UK where all police carry guns is Northern Ireland.
And in airports
And sadly increasingly on London public transport. Though not routinely.
As someone from a quiet North Wales town it was a "culture" shock to just see armed guards walking around Manchester Piccadilly.
I remember feeling shocked the first time I saw armed guards at the gates of the houses of Parliament in the wake of 9/11. It felt as if I was on the continent.
Just for some context, I was shocked when I went to NYC for the first time in 2004 and saw the national guard walking around Grand Central with their machine guns.(national guard are state militia that are trained and funded like the national military)
As an American used to seeing armed police, I was in turn surprised to see how many machine guns the Paris police tote around.
Yes! Its a given that US police have pistols at their hips, but I've never seen one actually in their hands. Visited the Eiffel Tower and saw pairs of soldiers with rifles out just wandering around.
American here. Seeing armed police and soldiers (with M-16s no less) at our train stations (particularly in NYC) have been a sad part of daily life since 9/11.
To be fair, that's not all train stations. The only personnel at the train station nearest me is an elderly woman or gentleman, and a middle aged man behind the main desk.
As someone from the quiet town of North Wales, Pennsylvania, it's always fun to read about the UK because someone always talks about the real northern Wales and I can pretend they're talking about my hometown.
I always get confused that every single british town has an american counterpart. My home town Brighton is also a suburb of NY, my uni town of Birmingham is also in Alabama
Apparently the people naming American towns weren't very creative, not sure why they only sometimes included the word new though.
I’m seeing guns in london train stations a lot these days
Always thought that was just for people that fare dodge or jump the queue. Or put milk in first in tea
And in the Scottish Highlands.
They've got wild haggis to contend with, and that's no joke.
An' not just yer crown jewels either. A starvin' haggis can strip a man to nothin but bones in a matter of seconds, it's a grim sight you won't forget. They're sneaky too, can be right up an past yer knee in an instant, packing heat is useless if you don' even see em roamin' up
This is true - in fact, Highland dress specifically deals with this by requiring you to have a knife at the top of your sock. To the uninitiated, this is known as a 'Skean Dubh' (pronounced ski-ann doo).
Story checks oot.
You'll see armed police officers if you head into Westminster. The first time I passed Old New Scotland Yard and saw the doors guarded by police officers holding honest to god rifles I was kind-of amazed. I'd never seen a gun in real life before.
I'd never seen a gun in real life before.
Am American, watched a British detective show (Luther) and, without spoiling, one of the major plotlines ended with a cop being caught off guard because A - he did not have a gun, and B - he was clearly caught off guard when a suspect he was chasing had a gun. It blew my fucking mind. I think in America we assume every criminal of every variety has a gun.
I mean yeah it would be fucking surprising if a criminal had a gun here in France. I've never seen a gun except for law enforcers that have one
I'm a former Marine and gun owner. I wouldn't say I'm a gun nut at all, but I lived in a city, had the training and just wanted a way to defend my home.
Asians robbed you with math? I knew they were good, but not that good.
"What's the square root of 328971?"
ptsd flashback
Faces you with impossible tasks within the small time limits and robbing you while doing so? Sounds about right
Here's an $80,000 piece of paper with some calligraphy on it.
I mean, 31 is prime, so the best answer is just 'the square root of 31'.
573.5599358393157
Woah you must be a Chinese mugger if you did that in your head that fast
Clearly you've never tried to haggle at an Asian bazaar.
Fun fact: You can thank department stores and Quakers for uniform pricing. Quakers believed it was unchristian to charge different prices to different people. Rowland Macy, a Quaker, founded the department store Macy's. The uniform pricing made it possible to carry a large and diverse inventory and allowed clerks to quickly make transactions since no haggling was necessary. The success of Macy's and subsequent stores like it brought uniform pricing into the mainstream.
THANK YOU QUAKERS!
Yes... you won't feel like you're being robbed, but you are. You are.
ahaha oh man. One time I was at a bazaar haggling with a dude and I felt good because I got him to take $100 off the price on an item. Till my friend came out of the same tent a little while later and paid a quarter what I did.
The only way you know you got a good price is when the sales person is visibly mad. I did some research before backpacking Asia and I would go about a 10th of their offer and virtually always get it.
I figured out that just getting up to leave was a pretty decent tactic as well. They do make you feel good though. Pour you some tea, light your cigarette. Calls you friend like a billion times.
goes to leave
Yeah no shit, it was an experience for sure. But it's not something I enjoyed. And I can see why the ancients used to hold merchants in such low regard.
Guilt. They guilt you. Any little thing they can do of little to no monetary value that will make you feel like you owe them something.
"How much for this old coin?"
Asians robbed you with math? I knew they were good, but not that good.
In the US, I'd been assaulted multiple times with weapons and without.
Thinking the same, I live an inner city, near New York, go there all the time and work in the most dangerous city in Jersey and nothing. Now watch me get robbed next week.
I'm about that old and I've never even once seen a gun or knife pulled in anger. I stay well away from bad areas and crowds.


I have only vacationed in China, not resided. I felt safer wandering around the streets of Beijing (day and night) than I did in many parts of Chicago.
In the US, I'd been assaulted multiple times with weapons and without.
I'm not a gun owner, but I am an American who has lived in the Netherlands and South Korea. The sense of security is so much higher. I feel much safer walking or biking around at night, by myself -- these countries have lower crime rates in general, of course, but my feeling is bolstered by the fact that it's unlikely that someone would be able to shoot me down.
safer walking or biking around at night, by myself
I can see children playing outside at night without adult supervision in South Korea. After living in U.S. for a decade I realized that it would be considered bizarre in any other country.
Children unsupervised? Yes. But playing or hanging around parks at night? Definitely a common thing.
walking in the park at night or playing around at a swing.
US parks are oddly the safest places during the day, and sketchiest at night.
Can the cops on Reddit describe the first days of Pokémon Go when suddenly thousands were in the parks?
Traffic sucked people were great. People would stop in the middle of the road at night and drive around looking super sketchy.
Our local park has a reputation for drug use/selling and public gay sex. It was also plagued by a rapist a few years back. Lots of dark and hidden spotsin that park. During theday it's all families with children everywhere.
I was in a rougher part of a major city (St. Louis) last night and no one stops at stop lights or stop signs in fear of getting jumped.
But that's just the thing, in Middle European cities, there just are no "bad" parts of town in the sense you're describing. Poor and run-down of course, shady and with dealers out at night yes, but no "I shouldn't be there during a certain part of the day because it's dangerous" kind of bad. Makes me appreciate what we have here. That being said, I would still love to visit one day. :)
I moved from a dangerous part of the USA to (mostly) gun free UK. I love it. I only felt the need to carry in the US because everyone else was. Life is so much better when, say, you get in a fender bender and don't have to worry about some lunatic pulling a weapon.
We have clay shooting. It's fun
It's not fun for Clay
Clay died doing what he loved: getting shot.
Please link to the source whenever possible.
Hello, and welcome to /r/PoliticalHumor! Glad to have you. Please be sure to read the rules:
I feel like I've seen alot of people wanting to ban all semi auto guns which is about half of all the guns in America
Emma Gonzalez literally said she wanted to ban semi-automatic and automatic weapons.
It's ideologically coherent.
Yeah a lot of people, to be fair, don't know a lot about guns or how they work or what the words mean. They've probably only seen the words "semi automatic" in relation to a shooting, so they think it should be banned.
Is that link supposed to be there... I’m kinda disturbed by it
shh bby is ok
It's been a while since I saw this one..
thats not a Link, that's a Pikachu
What's with the pikachu link? Lol
"fully semi automatic"
FULLY SEMI AUTOMATIC ASSUALT KILLER 47
Yeah a lot of people, to be fair, don't know a lot about guns or how they work or what the words mean.
10 rounds a second
Yes. If you're talking cyclic ROF then most automatic weapons fall in the 600-900 RPM range, including the M249. There are of course outliers like a Vector (1200 RPM) or old WWII era machine guns like the Browning (400 RPM), but most carried automatic weapons are around 10-15 rounds a second, cyclic.
Facebook friends aren't real friends so don't feel bad.
all bolt action rifles. by definition.
Double actions, for all intents and purposes, are semiautomatic.
Pull the trigger twice, the gun shoots twice, that’s semi auto.
That's somewhat misleading. Revolvers are not classified as semi-automatic from a legal perspective. The concept of semi-automatic generally involves harvesting the energy of the prior shot to chamber the next round, but there is a mechanism that keeps the firing pin from engaging until you release and press the trigger again.
No. They aren't. Semi-automatic is not defined as "A bullet fires every time you pull the trigger"

Many hunters use AR platform rifles. Especially for hog hunting. AR platform rifles are far more customizable to fit a specific person's preferences, where as your traditional bolt action rifle is much less so.
Yeah, living in NY, every gun owner completely laughs at the S.A.F.E. Act, which basically bans "assault" weapons. Why? Because to someone who has never owned a weapon, an "assault" weapon sounds like a totally rational thing to ban, yet to people who own weapons and are affected by this, an "assault" weapon isn't a real thing, it's not a type of gun, it's really code for "loud scary tactical rifle", and it's bullshit.
Exactly this. Holy shit, gun laws made by the ignorant are abysmal. This is the only situation in which these liberals don't want an expert opinion on the topic and think their is good enough.
Also people don't realize that handguns are semi-auto, too. And they think scary looking AR-15s are somehow different than the nice looking ranch gun with a wooden stock. Calling anything that looks remotely military-style "assault rifle", even though it's not an assault rifle and actual assault rifles (guns that can fire in burst or automatic) have been heavily regulated since 1986.
Because most people dying from handguns are poor inner city people usually associated with drugs and gangs. That doesn’t warrant outrage or provide good optics for anti gun politicians. Dead white kids in a nice school do. If these politicians actually cared about young people dying there’s a lot they could do about the thousands in run down inner city neighborhoods every year instead of the several dozen in well off areas who are a statistically insignificant portion of gun deaths. The best thing they could do is push the FBI and ATF to pursue straw purchasers and those who commit felonies by lying on the 4473. That’s the single biggest way criminals get weapons, yet those agencies can’t be bothered to prosecute those criminals. But politicians have no problem telling me that I should give up my guns (which will never be used unsafely or in a crime) to prevent mass shootings (which it wouldn’t)
It's more like 80%
Adding all this up, we get to about 85 million semi-auto firearms out of the roughly 162 million total firearms produced since 1986 (52.5%), about half of those produced since the AWB expiration.
TLDR about 50% or more
It's sad that the correction has less than half of the upvotes of the lie despite being posted only 9 minutes later.
Give it time. Already at like 75%half an hour later.
That's because they don't know exactly what a semi-automatic weapon means. Most people think it means multiple bullets per pull of the trigger. That's also what many people were led to believe they were. I've talked to someone who used to be in the NRA, and he was told that a semi-automatic weapon is one that fires multiple bullets per shot.















Personally, I would love to see all semi auto weapons banned. I think it would be great to limit guns to essentially pump action shotguns, bolt action rifles, and revolvers. Would severely limit the ability to carry out mass casualty shootings, while still allowing solid hunting and self defense options.
Also there is a good portion who want to ban ‘semi-automatic’ guns have no idea what it means. They think semi-auto and automatic are one of the same.
Unfortunately, like many things, only the loudest, most outrageous proponents are the ones widely publicized; it’s just not as entertaining to report people who want more moderate gun control than it is to cover those suggesting “AN ALL OUT BAN”
Then help shut down those who want an all-out ban. Instead, they get voted to the top of every gun thread on Reddit. I mean, when a lot of people say it, and even more people agree with them, it's hard to act like nobody is saying it.
Thank you, voice of reason. There are absolutely people calling for bans.
"Australia had a shooting and then they banned almost all guns, they haven't had a shooting since."
Except we didn't. This kinda annoys me because I'm Australian and own guns, and agree with our gun laws.
Dude you can't own a 10/22 in australia on a standard firearms license. The 10/22 is like the most popular rifle in america.
As a progressive (and gun owner, but really even just as a progressive), I'm comfortable with telling Dianne Feinstein to go fuck herself. We dislike her so much that she's getting primaried.
Thank you, voice of reason. There are absolutely people calling for bans.
If I could have gotten 51 votes in the Senate of the United States for an outright ban,
People say it all the goddamn time, and then if you call them out, someone else says "Well no one wants an outright ban, y'all are crazy!"
If you want the "left" to help shut down its extremists that call for an all-out ban, then you should have no problem advocating for the "right" to shut down its extremists that think any form of gun control at all is "too much".
I agree. And I will engage both extremes in debate on the regular. Vs the left more here and vs the right more on Facebook, as that's where I see each respective argument.
Will you people on opposing sides please stop being so damn reasonable at each other?! This is Reddit, damn you, and I come here with certain expectations. :>
Fuck everyone
A little tame for my taste, but a step in the right direction to be sure
The framing of the argument is asinine too.
No one on the right I've seen is saying we should get rid of what we have.
A lot of the concern comes from people worrying about a slippery slope. Ban one thing, then wait a bit, ban the next. People will kill other people, whether its with a (legal or illegal) gun, knife, poison, bomb, whatever they can get their hands on. And, violent crime is (from what I understand) lower than ever; we just have much greater focus on and coverage of the tragedies with the internet, and media companies love promoting the news that gets more attention.
think any form of gun control at all is "too much".
A question I like to pose to gun rights advocates is this: If a ban on all guns would definitely prevent all gun deaths, would you support it?
A question I like to pose to gun rights advocates is this: If a ban on all guns would definitely prevent all gun deaths, would you support it?
You speak as though we don't already have gun laws.
Connecticut had an Assault Weapons Ban during Sandy Hook. California had an assault weapons ban during San Bernadino. Columbine was during the federal assault weapons ban. Plenty of other large scale shooting happened in places where firearms were banned. The idea that we just weren't banning shit hard enough and should double down doesn't make much sense to me.
Actually, during the 10 year period when we had the assault weapons ban (from 1994-2004), there were far fewer mass shooting then there were in the decade before that (1984-1994) or the decade after it (2004-2014).
Which is why the "slippery slope" argument is perfect for guns; there are people in power who will keep fighting for more restrictive gun laws until their is an outright ban. And those who advocate an outright ban are going about it the same way the Republicans fights abortion: chipping away at gun rights little by little.
There is already a ton of gun control, though. But since gun control doesn't work, any amount that is put in place won't work, so people will see that it's not working and think "clearly that means we need more of it!" and push to implement yet more gun control, as we see happening right now. And then the loop starts over again. And each time gun control gets stricter, and each time it doesn't accomplish anything, etc etc etc
It gets upvoted because this is an international website. Many countries around the world have fully banned firearms and allowed ownership only under very very explicit circumstances.
Well you know what all these other countries have that American doesn't? Healthcare, parental leave, jobs with benefits, and actual community. The USA has a problem with violence because people there are unhappy. There's a lot of talk about mental health. But people don't seem to realize that someone's mental health is a direct result of the environment around them. It seems to me the issue isn't guns. It's that Americans feel like they need to lash out at each other. There is undoubtedly a more deep seated issue in American culture.
That's just how the internet works.
Many people would support a ban on all semi automatic weapons, that by itself is extremely worrying. Gun control has always been a slippery slope since the 1930s. There is a legitimate worry. If a school mass shooting is ever perpetrated with a lever action rifle or pump action shotgun, I don't think it's too far fetched for people to demand those be banned too, given the general public opinion on guns.
Yeah in australia assault rifles were banned and it has reduced mass murder stats. However, then a dude shows up with a bunch of pistols and shoots up people and so they restrict those too. So its not a fallacy. Its very likely especially with more people in this country that handgun violence will go up to offset some of the benefit of not having assault rifles. Plus shotguns and rifles like u said.
I hate getting involved in these posts but I literally haven't seen anyone claiming this viewpoint once on all before today. I've seen so many front page posts about how nobody needs the guns of today, so obviously it IS a widely held viewpoint. If it's only the loud and obnoxious who's doing the upvoting hmm? And btw I'm totally fine with there being a discussion on what "moderate gun control" means. I only ever see people throw out their stance without any plans or measures to back it up. If you want a little gun control, what does that look like to you? As far as I'm concerned the laws that we need are already in place, it's just a matter of enforcing those laws and educating gun owners. We can ban whatever we want but that doesn't stop people from getting things illegally.
Here in Ohio the last big proposal was to ban 82%+ of handguns and about 50% of all rifles. Sounds close to an all out ban to me.
Thread backfire.
ummmm even pro-2nd liberals like myself are fully aware that there's a faction in our party that's trying to ban guns and over the last month its been an unmitigated disaster as we went from the party of healthcare to the party of bans. The anti-2nd faction seems like they're doing everything they can to ruin the blue wave. How in the fuck are we going to win Texas with pro-ban Beto running? Let that sink in.....pro-ban......in Texas.....
Nice to hear someone challenging their own party’s beliefs on this sub. Usually it’s just everyone shitting on conservatives.
Its cause he’s from liberal gun owners, they’re fed up with the anti gunner bullshit just like the rest of those who know anything. Liberal gun owners is the only place where I feel like liberals are speaking sense.
The debate is between gun owners, and the uninformed who are kept that way by those with an agenda. That’s it.
That bill is proposing to ban literally everything that isn’t bolt action, all of it
Not everything that isn't bolt action. Guns owned by the police, judges, government officials, government official bodyguards, famous people, people connected to famous people... they'll get exceptions.
As someone who would not normally be inclined to vote Democrat, I am somewhat miffed that Democrats are still trying to promote this "no one wants to take your guns" narrative, while simultaneously staging nation-wide protests in favor of sweeping gun bans.
I consider myself pretty left leaning, and would support certain gun control measures.
Bro if the democrats would stop stepping on the second amendment I would vote blue every single time. I like our constitution. I like being able to defend myself, whether that be against cancer (with single payer healthcare) or intruders (with a firearm)
If anyone even mentions the 4th amendment I'd vote for them until they die.
4th amendment
4th amendment pertains to the government so it's not really relevant. A solid year of unbelievably egregious 4th amendment violations perpetually in the news thanks to Edward Snowden seems to have gone down the memory hole. If that didn't have any affect then nothing will.
For me, I don't want a gun. Don't need a gun. But the idea that I can own one now and might not be able to own one later both rubs me the wrong way and makes me want to go buy a gun.
But the idea that I can own one now and might not be able to own one later both rubs me the wrong way and makes me want to go buy a gun
I really don't want the republicans in power either, but if the democrats in my district run on an anti-anything (especially gun), they aren't getting my vote. I'm sick of the bans.
I've said this too so many times. If the left would just chill on guns they would have suuuuch an easier time winning elections. I know so many people who are generally left leaning, want healthcare, care about the environment, gay marriage,etc, but who keep voting for Republicans they don't agree with on much just because they're terrified of gun bans if they dont. It's such a dumb hill for Democrats to keep dying on.
I have to think it's purposefully done as a way to keep the country divided and focused on an issue that really doesn't matter in the grand scheme of things.
This is part of how Trump won. In part because the Democrats ran on issues that most excited their base. Which are also the issues that most piss off conservatives.
I can't tell you how many of my moderate gun owning friends didn't have any love for Trump, but knew that Hillary said SCOTUS got it wrong on Heller and was going to be putting in anti-gun justices. Then she said "Australia" and doomed her chances with them. They voted third party or Republican instead, because guns matter to lots of Americans.
Also the "I'm with her" slogan. That was just... that's the kind of slogan I'd expect a dictator who has rigged the election to use.
Democrats need to get back to representing working class, blue collar Americans if they want to start winning elections. Being pro-gun is part of that. Pro gun, pro union, pro power to the people. Stop with coddling bankers and academics, there aren't enough of them to sway an election. If you want to be about shoring up licensing or loopholes for guns I'm willing to listen. If you want to ban guns, I immediately think you are living in an alternate reality and doubt your ability to govern. And I'm pretty damn liberal
Ok, but to be fair, if they were NOT trying to ban 99% of all guns, then why did 84% of Democrats in Congress just sign and co-sponsor that Bill that literally did ban almost everything, including Shotguns. It literally even included the banning of shotguns.
Yeah okay
OP and the thousands who upvoted this are ignorant of their own parties' biases. "I don't want to take all your guns, so obviously everyone else in my party has the same view!" Lol so apparently conservatives are ignorant, but really it's both sides.

But...they do...there are hundreds of pictures floating around from the recent protests with people holding pictures STATING that they want to take them away completely
Not to mention the fact that California has been doing it for almost 30 years. Assault weapon ban in 1989 required registration and confiscation upon death of guns that met a certain definition, and they've expanded the definition multiple times thus increasing the percentage of firearms that fall under the law and are continually looking for ways to expand it further.
Its bullshit. I live here and they are at the point where they are so desperate that they are just banning different words like “flash hider” or “pistol grip”.
California is so bad, they dont tell you whats banned, they give you a list of guns that ARENT banned
Glad to see the comments are far more ration than normal on gun debate threads. Still ridiculous how much this post is getting upvoted though.
Yeah dude this has got to be the most rational gun debate thread I've ever seen on reddit....oh wait. This isn't r/politics maybe that's why
This sub is just a joke now
They want to ban all semi automatic assualt weapons so no more rifles, and a lot want to ban all semi automatic guns so no handguns. They want to ban all guns
But hey. We get to keep our muskets.
And you guys say conservatives are delusional. An assault weapon ban was literally just a thing that was and still is something a lot of people, even politivians have been calling for.
The sad irony is when a subreddit like this becomes convinced that its caricatures of right wing satire directed at left wing beliefs are accurate. In other words, the cartoon suggests right wingers think a certain way about gun control, but the post itself suggests that a lot of us in here think that this is ACTUALLY the way right wingers think AND that it’s ludicrous to think so.
Then what is a liberals idea of gun control?




The common items are universal background checks, more restrictions for convicted domestic abusers and people with diagnosed mental health issues, mandatory training and licensing for all gun owners, and some advocate for a national gun registry. The last one makes sense when you realize there are individuals who have purchased, then "lost or stolen" hundreds of guns and broken zero laws.
To be clear, OP's image is not entirely truthful. While not a majority of democrats, a very significant portion of them DO in fact advocate a total gun ban.
You can't tell me that nobody wants to ban guns when there are people all over Reddit (and Facebook especially) that want to do exactly that.
What would universal background check cover? Those convicted of felons, violent misdemeanors, or domestic abuse are already barred. The legally mentally ill are also barred.

You had me until the gun registry. California already used a registry to track magazines over 10 rounds then passed a law to use that registry for confiscation.
National registry is horrible. Any registry is wrong!!!! If registering people because of religious beliefs is wrong then registering people who own or purchase guns is wrong.
Yep, "No one wants to ban guns" okay.
"take the guns first and go through due process second" - Donald Trump
Deep Dish pizza eatin Obama made him say that!! - Republican, probably
I mean, you straight up have politicians saying that they would ban them all if they could, so it's not at all far from the truth.
I wonder what it would be like if we stopped saying "Gun control" and called it what it was "Gun Prohibition". They just do it one at a time. First machine guns, then short barrels rifles, then handgun imports laws, now "assault weapons" bans. Oh it won't stop there. Because if history has shown us anything. It's that the gun control crowd will never stop. They are slowly prohibiting more and more till one day none are left. It's a gun prohibition
California banned new handguns from being sold. So this is a lie.
Except all the photos of liberals holding signs at the march literally saying "yes were coming for your guns"
Also check out initiative 42 in Oregon.
I've seen so many people pretend that people who are Pro-2A are delusional, don't consider facts, and are just in general ignoring other sides of the argument. Then I see comments like yours where you prove a point counter to what they said and it's downvoted to hell.
everyone fucking does it. my enemy is BAD and i am GOOD haha i am enlightened let's eat more mcdonalds
I don't know why but this made me giggle.
"If I could have gotten 51 votes in the Senate of the United States for an outright ban, picking up every one of them, ‘Mr. and Mrs. America turn ‘em all in,’ I would have done it." - Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-CA)
"It is easier for a 12- or 13-year-old to purchase a gun, and cheaper, than it is for them to get a book." - President Barack Obama
He also said I could order an assault rifle online and have it delivered to my front door without a background check. Total horseshit. 100% false.
It sounds dumb because it's taken out of context. Here is some more.
But it's not even true though. No matter where you are, it's nearly impossible to get a gun for under $100. Most towns have some sort of public library or bookstore where you can get books cheap or for free. I think the kids would just rather play with guns than read. I honestly don't blame them.
"We have federal regulations and state laws that prohibit hunting ducks with more than three rounds. And yet it's legal to hunt humans with 15-round, 30-round, even 150-round magazines." —Dianne Feinstein
I think someone needs to explain to her the concept of "murder".
"If I could have gotten 51 votes in the Senate of the United States for an outright ban, picking up every one of them, ‘Mr. and Mrs. America turn ‘em all in,’ I would have done it." - Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-CA)
People on the left are calling for bans on Semi-automatic firearms, in other words almost every gun owned. So yeah they do kinda wanna take people's guns away
"If you want to hunt use a fucking bow and arrow" as I have been eloquently told a few times. I don't want to judge all people who want reform based on the few crazies who are the loudest, but it makes it really hard for me to want to compromise at all
Except that they obviously do. There aren't goal posts and gun crime is already on steep decline for many years without any action having been taken. Guns we have access to are already incredibly outdated and limited.
I mean, there's tons of liberals that want to get rid of guns.
So you aren’t attempting to ban any guns?
It's almost like there was a bill with the word "ban" in it, with a list of firearms and features encompassing the most popular rifle in the nation. I must have misunderstood when elected officials proposed, then cosponsored it. And again when Illinois tried to pass a bill that would have confiscated those weapons from anyone under 21, even those who purchased the weapon legally with a background check.
Lol u think Illinois is bad?
Anti-gun politicians: "No one wants to ban or take your guns you stupid gun nuts."
They give us a inch, well take a mile -march for our lives
Massachusetts banned only the AR15 by model. Stupid gun bans are happening all over the country. My Facebook and Reddit feeds are filled with people advocating a gun ban similar to Britain for America. Yes they are trying to ban guns.
AWB 2.0 is alive and well, disallowing people from owning them and transferring them is just as good as a ban.
literally is a ban
Wait wait. So you don’t care if I have a few AR15s?
As long as you aren't going to shoot someone else, then no. Have a hundred.
There are plenty of people who would like to get rid of all guns in The US.
I'm really happy people aren't blinidng agreeing or disagreeing with the photo, its so refreshing on this sub. I just want to say keep up most of the good discussion and great job!
I mean, I personally know people who unfortunately have this belief, so...

I dunno, it seems to me that outright banning of virtually all modern firearms is exactly what is happening in places like California.
"When they give an inch, that bump stock ban, we will take a mile" That was said at the rally last weekend, including people wanting all guns banned. But yeah, they dont want to ban guns.
This is why the "not one inch" movement of guns owners has started. Damn ban-happy folks brought the resistance on themselves. They just keep coming back for more and people are getting tired of it
Oh wow, this crap again.
There’s a fucking ton of people talking about all out bans my dude.
There were plenty of people at the march with signs clearly saying they wanted to take your guns...
Trump is Hitler-Give Hitler all the guns in America.
No, a lot realize an all out gun ban is asked for by very few. But they also realize the "no one is trying to take your guns" is bullshit, many want to ban AR-15's and any other "assault rifle". So yes, people are trying to take their guns, and they don't like that. Just not all of them.
Hey, I can strawman too!
Leftists
Guns are POWER TO THE PEOPLE.
Why is no one talking about HR 5087? https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/5087/text
Cause its old news to most gun-owners. Im more concerned about state levels surprise bans. And this stupid quintupling the tax on bullets bill. The school safety and violence prevention act or some bullshit name too. Like all it does is to make ammo 5x more expensive
Liberal AF checking in here. Love my guns. Don’t ever want to ban guns. Just want sensible gun control.
Just want sensible gun control.
This survey found almost half of Democrats want an all out gun ban.
For those interested, here are the two stats cited that poll:
First, it's for a handgun ban, not an out all gun ban. Second, it also says only 53% of republicans would oppose banning semi-automatic weapons, which is much closer to what I would call an "all out gun ban." Clearly a large portion of americans, regardless of political affiliation, don't really know what a semiautomatic gun is.
I’m not a conservative but I straight up know people who want guns banned or heavily limited and I just don’t agree. There’s a reason we can have guns, it’s a balance of power against a potentially tyrannical gov’t. Don’t like it don’t own one.
Fuck this circle jerk liberal shit subreddit
Have you looked at some of the signs yeah because thats totaly not true.
Have you seen how many "Repeal the 2nd" statements are trending? Ever seen the bills Feinstein keeps proposing?
What about the thousands of them calling for AR’s and others that appear similar to be banned? Or even a ban on all semiautomatic firearms? There’s tons of posters even from the march yesterday of people calling for gun bans. I’m a conservative/libertarian and I fully support better background checks and communication between all law enforcement departments on mental health records. But it seems ignorant to assume that all liberals don’t want to take guns, just as narrow minded as it is to assume that all conservatives are stupid and think everybody wants to rob them of their weapons. There’s a middle ground here and labeling people as all one way or another isn’t helping to do anything productive.
These people were foaming at the mouth earlier wanting to ban all guns so idk what you're talking about
I've never understood denying that this is exactly what a large portion of anti-gun people want.
That's strange, because my state is about to ban bump stocks, private sales, assault clippazines, and raise the purchase age for long rifles to 21 pending a vote tomorrow.
That would be funny except that the left really does want to ban guns... during the CNN town hall meeting the entire building applauded banning semi-automatic weapons when Rubio sarcastically proposed it. (Semi-automatic weapons account for all guns except pump action, bolt action, lever action and revolvers)
Many republicans don't know that Ronald Reagan steamrolled the Brady Bill through. Why do we keep making gun issues seem partisan?
I'm glad this thread was properly shat on.
One of the things they have said they want is a ban on rifles that use "high velocity ammo" which is basically all rifles.
/r/politics is the subreddit for current and explicitly political U.S. news.
As a reminder, this subreddit is for civil discussion.
I thought domestic abusers were already banned from owning guns? I keep seeing this pop up, so would really appreciate any accurate clarification.
There's a federal law which bans purchase and possession, but which didn't require states to actually report it to NCIC. This goes further.
They'd have to have a prior conviction for domestic abuse...
And an unintended consequence could be that it becomes harder to do so if police feel like they are depriving a fellow officer of his rights by following through on a domestic abuse complaint against them. I still support this, but I could imagine this drawback.
Fair point, but that's always going to be an issue when you have police policing themselves.






Absolutely.
I'm sure there's an exemption for the police, despite higher rates of domestic abuse amongst police officers
None.
Don't be so sure. A domestic abuse conviction will drum you out of the military, for no other reason than your inability to train with your weapon at home.
A domestic abuse conviction
This, there's no way in hell these police departments are weeding out domestic abusers.
shoot people in child blood
Hideous reality.
pours child blood on someone
You put it that way, it sounds fun
Iirc,this bill has a carve out for police.
That would be tragic and hilarious.
Kafkaesque?
Take a guess which has higher standard? Vets have been fired because they haven't killed someone that wanted to die from cop suicide because they are use to civilians having weapons and understand how to assess a threat. If the gun isn't loaded, it's not a threat. If the gun isn't pointed at you, but the wielder, it's not a threat. In these situations, vets have been fired for deescalating the situation. Do you think police departments will deescalate the situation by remove guns from domestic abusers, because that's the question.
I see you've never heard of the blue wall
Oh sure, actually getting a domestic abuse conviction to stick to a cop takes some work. But once it's there, they're disqualified for the position
Having grown up around cops I can tell you it's much worse, not only will other officers refuse to take paper on a domestic involving a cop they will often bully the spouse into keeping quiet or mess with them until they question their own sanity. Those cops that do follow the law are often ostracized until they quit.
It already was federal. Federal law prohibits individuals who "Have been convicted of a misdemeanor offense of domestic violence" from possessing a firearm.
So we're celebrating making something illegal that was already illegal?
The existing implementation was incomplete, most likely. AKA boyfriend loophole. Or incomplete reporting requirements.
Federal law prohibits possession. And it it pops up on an NCIC return.
No, federal prohibits you from possessing a firearm at all, not just buying a new one. So, anyone covered by this new law would already be barred from possessing a firearm, and shouldn’t have them anyway.
In many places it only applies to married couples, not to boyfriends, aka the "boyfriend loophole"
We have this in the military and I see no reason it shouldn't be extended to the civilian population.
We have this in MN, and it was our gun lobby that pushed for it. Couldn't agree more.
Ah, Minnesota. Come for the civilized politics and the strong economy. Stay because your goddamn car engine froze solid.
You're welcome
"Minnesota nice"
“Minnesota ice”
r/beetlejucing
Stay because your goddamn car engine froze solid
Heh, no BS, the polar vortex we had a few years ago actually did freeze my engine block solid. Coolant mix was sub par apparently. Popped all the freeze plugs out.
Sub-zero days I can feel how my transmission fluid is partially gelled up.
Early 2014, you mean? That was my first true Minnesota Experience.
That state educated Sen. Ron Johnson. They aren't innocent.
We're sorry.
Glad to see a gun lobby with a conscience. I'm tired of being lumped in with the gun nuts just because I own a gun... Or eight.
I think part of the problem is most of us assumed this was already a law.
Like cops not being able to have sex with suspects?
Well it already is a law in TN where I'm from so that's probably why everyone I know thought it was a law. It's just a misunderstanding between what's federal law and what's state law.
The legal system is opportunistic, not rationally predictive. It waits until something has gone wrong enough consecutive times before it remedies all future instances (though not iterations).
It is. You can’t own a firearm if you are convicted of domestic abuse.
I think you might be underestimating how widespread domestic abuse is.
No I'm just from Tennessee where it had been a law for a while now. I never realized it was a state thing and I'm sure a lot of people have that same misunderstanding. My dad beat my mom before they got divorced, believe me I know how widespread it is. He just never owned guns. He's the reason my mom bought a gun. He kept trying to break the restraining order.
Shit that sucks. Similar experience here but include a shitty brother.
Yeah, I think we just need to tell people really that no one wants to take their guns away, we just want to make sure bad people are not allowed to buy guns.
At the same time Beto O'Rourke, the Democratic candidate for senate, is pushing for California style gun laws to his Texas voters.
The problem seems to be that having a shitton of money and being a bad person seems to be two things that coincide with some frequency.
Hey I'm with you! I work for an FFL and I hear the craziest political views. Its wild because these guys assume that since I carry a gun, my political views align with theirs, and they feel comfortable enough to just spout off some racist shit.
Have you guys ever thought about creating or seeking out other gun groups? Liberal gun groups or just non political groups.
Only eight?
MN has a long list of people who are prohibited from purchasing or possessing firearms in addition to federal law. Anyone with any sort of domestic abuse conviction (misdemeanor, gross misdemeanor, or felony) is prohibited from possessing firearms for at least 3 years (probably life) depending on whether their conviction falls under the state statute or the federal law.
We can only hope it's also extended to the police. I don't see why they should be any exemption.
We got a similar law passed in Oregon and it made a specific exemption for cops. Made my blood boil.
They really just shouldn't legally be allowed to be cops if they're abusing someone.
I'd also go further and say if you were fired or forced to resign from a police job, you should automatically be disqualified from finding employment as a LEO anywhere else.
Their union won't agree.
Their union can get fucked. The union should be there to protect jobs and be a force for negotiations, not to protect bad apples.
It's better for their image as a whole if they're aren't abusers among them. Union needs to rethink priorities. Protect criminals or protect good cops.
Well, how would YOU deal with losing 40% of your personnel at once?? Come on now, be reasonable.
holy shit, dude, thank you
I was going to post a link to something like this. Police officers are more likely to be abusers than the general population. Sad really. Your comment should be upvoted to the moon. I can only upvote you once though.
Not surprising at all, though.
Caveat: Have to be arrested first.
"We have investigated ourselves and found that we have done nothing wrong."
“We seem to have misplaced the bodycam footage but the officer’s account is different from the bystander’s cellphone footage, so we’ll just go ahead and take the officer’s word for it”
"Citizens will not be allowed to review body camera footage unless a case goes to trial and they get a subpoena for it, but police officers will be allowed to review footage prior to making any statements to aid their memory of events."
Am Cleveland resident, can confirm.
My friends mom gets abused by her cop boyfriend, she can't leave him and she can't tell the police. It's a horrible situation
What about a direct report to the DAs office? They aren't always best friends with the police. A local domestic violence non profit can help her regardless. What a terrible situation to be in.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brady_Handgun_Violence_Prevention_Act
Yes, the Lautenberg amendment has been the law for a long time but I'm OK with this. They get the satisfaction of "doing something" about the problem and it only impacts people who were already federally prohibited.
Vermont, where former Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders is governor, passed a similar bill this week.
Yeah. Big difference between governor and senator.
Can you explain this to me. I’m a Brit, and we only have MP’s as our reps in parliament for our constituency. Ive always presumed a senator is the same thing. But what is a governer? Is it like a Mayor (head of local government)?
Kind of, it's like mayor, but for the entire state. Here, a mayor only resides over a single city, but the governor is the head of the entire state.
Its more like the President of the state :D but even that isn't necessarily true because there are some wild differences in how some states have formed their governments.
I think the clearest language is executive of the state. Generally they have broad authority to establish policy but have daylight between themselves and the actual legislation.
A governor of a state is an executive position, much like the president of the country. They sign or veto bills passed by state houses and act as the head of the state. They are elected by statewide elections.
Ahh so Senator = MP as I thought.
That sounds like the best comparison.
Well, it is the Independent.
simple mistake
"Simple" means "easy to correct".
Simple meaning obvious maybe.
Does this include the cops? Wives of cops experience DV at significantly higher rates than the rest of the population.
Does this mean that 40% of cops will have their guns stripped from them as well?
That's an insane statistic. Almost half your police, ffs.
..and 4x the average amount.
So are abusers more prone to getting drawn to law enforcement, or is the job more likely to turn you into an abuser?
i think it’s more the former. people who crave power over others are more likely to do both.
Law enforcement has a much higher than average percentage of abusers because they are drawn to a career where they can have power over people. This is the Number One reason why I would never date a cop...
My friend dated a cop and I was suspicious until I met him and he seemed like a nice dude... until I found out later he was so controlling he even had her on forms of Birth Control that she did not want.
Maybe both?
Obligatory "not all cops!"
It's an aggressive job that attracts aggressive people.
They should be removed from the police force and have their private firearms confiscated.
They wont. My dad was a cop in WA state for about 30 years. He even had a "Fight against domestic violence" certificate hanging on the family room wall. The same family room he threw my brother through a wall and beat not one but two dogs in, yelled at us, smacked me around multiple times on multiple occasions, and where he almost killed my moms cat tying a bread wrapper around its neck. That was one of the few times I ever saw my mom cry. But no, the only time he ever got under investigation despite being seen abusing his power on the job was when my parents got a divorce. Internal affairs pulled me and my brother out of class (16 and 17) without my moms permission and had us record multiple statements for them on what we witnessed. Because we didn't have solid dates they didnt do anything. In the end of all that all he got was 2 weeks suspension without pay. Theres more that he did but at this point it doesn't matter as he was able to retire with a full pension several years after the investigation.
Sorry to hear you had to witness and experience all of that as a kid, no kid deserves that and I hope your Mum, brother and pets are much happier and safer now.
That means 40% of cops should be barred from being cops AND barred from owning a gun.
So Trump can't get a gun now?
Super soaker makes models in his hand size.
the key chain sized one?
Tiny shots fired.
Tiny squirts fired*
And... we're back to the pee tape.
Godwin's law for Trump: Any discussion of the POTUS eventually results in mentioning the pee-tape.
Jeez, for cryin' out loud...can we just get back to wholesome stuff like lusting after our daughters?
Pew pew pew
Pew Pew Pew
Pee Pee Pee*
He may be able to get by with the noisy cricket if they shrink the handle
Squirt guns don't get people wet. People get people wet...
Then how will he go out and shoot someone on 5th Ave when he needs votes?
Trump doesn't give 2 shits about guns. He doesn't think about guns nor does he have any interest in owning one.
Serious question because I’m not sure if I’m dumb or I missed this story: is there evidence or an accusation of domestic abuse by Trump?
https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/are-we-not-going-to-talk-about-trump/
Yes - when Trump and his first wife, Ivana, divorced in 1990, her sworn deposition included testimony that he pulled out her hair and raped her during a fit of rage. After this was made public, Trump’s lawyers put out a statement by Ivana in which she said she had “felt violated” during the incident in question, but did not want her “words to be interpreted in a literal or criminal sense.” People disagree on whether her sworn deposition or her later retraction is more likely to be the truth. (Source.)
There was an accusation by one of his ex wives during divorce precedings. She did recant it, so it's not clear if it really happened.
She only recanted using the word "rape" to describe it, after being faced with attacks of the nature of "its not possible to rape your wife hurr durr" :(
Yeah, she never recanted the beating/pulling hair out stuff. She only recanted the word "rape." Probably because she was getting threats/it would have taken forever and she just wanted to get the divorce over with.
As noted above31, federal law prohibits purchase and possession of firearms and ammunition by people convicted of a “misdemeanor crime of domestic violence,” but defines that term narrowly. Nineteen states and DC go beyond federal law and prohibit purchase or possession of firearms or ammunition by people with misdemeanor convictions involving a broader class of victims. The strongest laws prohibit purchase or possession of firearms by individuals convicted of violent misdemeanors generally, regardless of the victim’s relationship to the offender. California, for example, prohibits the purchase and possession of firearms or ammunition by anyone convicted of assault, battery, or stalking without regard to the victim’s relationship to the offender.32 Connecticut, Hawaii, and New York also use this approach. For more information about these laws, see our summary on Categories of Prohibited People.33
Tfw i dont see my home state on that list
What’s your home state?
Georgia, where apparently 'ol wife beater can keep his shotgun in case his wife makes him too angry one day.
The lautenberg amendment would specifically bar a domestic abuser from owning a firearm.
Cops are not going to like this bill.
That was my first thought. But hey, less guns in the hands of cops is a good thing.
If you want to get a gun, maybe - just maybe - you shouldn't be abusing people in your own household. I think New York is onto something.
There's also been a trend with a decent amount of mass shooters having some prior domestic abuse charges. It was even the reason for the Texas church shooting- that guy wanted to kill his inlaws.
The Texas shooter is an example of the government screwing up yet again. Here's what happened. The dude who shot up the church was an Air Force servicemember. He was convicted of a domestic abuse charge against his girlfriend's 1 year old son. He hit the child so hard he caused a skull fracture. After serving a year in military prison he was Other Than Honorably discharged. Here's where the government screwed up: Other than Honorable Discharges do NOT remove your ability to own guns. Only a Dishonorable Discharge does. It is incredibly serious business to hand down a dishonorable discharge and for whatever reason (probably a plea bargain or just trying to get him out of the service) the shooter was given an OTHER THAN HONORABLE. The reason this is a colossal fuck up is because the shooter should have had his gun rights taken away because he was a convicted domestic abuser. The Air Force (or some other DOD agency) screwed up the shooter's discharge paperwork so his record was squeaky clean when he lied on his background check in Texas to obtain his weapons. The most likely reason for this is whoever was doing the discharge paperwork saw Other Than Honorable and just processed it without ensuring the domestic abuse charges were on his record. The federal background check on the shooter worked exactly as intended, there wasn't a submitted charge that would've had any dealer reject his purchase (and probably call the police, as well as the deal being flagged by the FBI).
As someone who is very anti-gun I just wanna day what a great response that was. I probably disagree with you on many basic principles, but it’s great to see someone who is actually sensible and looking at facts. Too many people just cherry pick the info that suits their cause, and use it to back up your argument.
Not necessarily.
I mean, maybe nobody should be abusing anybody.
This is already federal law.
Enter conservatives crying about rights being violated. Something about this being a non-issue because not enough spouses are shot and killed by their husbands/wives each year to justify such a gross infringement on the 2A.
I support your treachery. It makes sense.
ah you see because it makes sense it wont get past the NRA. This means we'll settle for an accessory tax on barrel shrouds instead.
A temporary one, that gets scuttled before passing.
But not until panic messages have caused a run on barrel shroud accessories that generates a huge revenue surge for BarrelShroudAccessoryCorp LLC, likely with an in-kind donation to the NRA.
It's treasons then.
Speaking as a gun nut, I am also on board so long as there is due process.
From what I understood, this will apply to people that have been convicted of domestic abuse so due process will be there.
Sounds good to me then. I have heard of some versions were they will take the same steps based on accusations alone. I am not down with that.
Yah this is where things get tricky. I like the idea of "Red Flag" laws but there has to be a rigorous check system in place to make sure its not abused.
I think if the law limited the time you could take said guns, instituted fines against those that took the guns without returning them, you'd be ok.
Well this requires a conviction for a permanent ban, or a protective order for a temporary one. Both require judges, attorneys, and due process.
This is hardly uncommon...
Yes, I am a gun owner. Yes, I'm a traitor because I find this law 100% acceptable.
The problem now is the people arguing that "not all domestic abusers are wife beaters."
"I have a history of escalating situations in a violent manner, but it wasn't against my wife so I should be able to own a gun!"
it's already illegal under federal law for people, "convicted of a misdemeanor crime of domestic violence under federal, state, or tribal law", to own firearms.
It's illegal for them to possess firearms. They can't even borrow one temporarily; let alone own one. A key distinction since many felons try the "But it's my wife's/son's/brother's I was just borrowing it..." line of bullshit.
You should also be aware of the odd fuckery of domestic abuse laws. If a wife hits her husband and bruises her arm because he reflexively puts up his arms to protect himself he will be carted off to jail and labeled an abuser. Do I think violent domestic abusers should carry guns? No. Do I think the laws are working properly to justify stripping rights from people? No, not everywhere.
Isn't it already illegal for people convicted of domestic violence to purchase own a firearm?
Fellow gun owner here: I'm with you, this is a good law.
This is already federal law, passed in 1997. Due process is required. There's no issue here with 2A.
No... it's not pointless because it's a FEDERAL law which can only be enforced by FEDERAL law enforcement. Now... if you think the FBI might have bigger fish to fry, you might be right.
Just to point out, the NICS system is processed by the FBI, so if you have a conviction, you should* still fail the background check.
Fellow traitor checking in. Our plan to somehow ruin this country continues apace!
Count this Texan who loves his guns in as well. Due process, standards of practice and transparency for the win.
Im not a Democrat and I support the 2nd amendment. I live in New York and I have no problem with this law as long as it applies to those conviceted of domestic violence (due Process).
The basis of this law has been in existence since 1996, and most conservatives don't oppose it.
well...if you drink and drive you lose your license....if you beat your wife you lose your gun...
Good
Police officers have a high rate of domestic abuse. Are they losing their guns too?
Does it include the cops?
My first thought
Isn't anyone with a conviction not able to own a gun anyway?
They have to be convicted of a felony.
Not true, Felony is an automatic disqualifier, but there are other conditions as well. See the Brady Act
Has been discharged from the Armed Forces under dishonorable conditions;
That is correct...
Now we get to find out who the abusers are because this will terrify them.
Vermont, where former Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders is governor, passed a similar bill this week.
this is great.
I'm glad you mentioned that, men are and can be victims of domestic abuse a lot but a lot of them are afraid to speak since others will just ridicule them and tell them to man the fuck up.
Yes, it's such a dangerous culture this idea of "manliness" and "manhood" that prevents men from speaking up about abuse against them and also mental illness.
This is the stricter gun laws that we need and this a step in the right direction, completely banning guns is not the way.
There's gonna be a lot of cops out of jobs.. does it even apply to that? Can domestic abusers who are also cops now not carry?
I mean if the argument is that you need it to protect your family and you've got a history of domestic abuse, something tells me you don't really care too much about protecting your family. Edit: typo
If we strip guns from domestic abusers then it means we strip guns from 40% of the police.
That sounds great. Those are the police stirring up the bad rep for all the good ones.
There. Was that so hard? Now can we roll this out nationally?
It already was federal. Federal law prohibits individuals who "Have been convicted of a misdemeanor offense of domestic violence" from possessing a firearm.
It's already illegal for a convicted felon to purchase a firearm everywhere (i.e. it's part of the federal background check). The primary problem is that not everyone charges every instance of domestic abuse as a felony or reports it uniformly.
It was already national law.

It's literally the ENTIRE comment section, but I know mods here will remove if I post to that, so here are a bunch of sub-threads:
OP is adding some more links to bring this up to shitstorm drama levels. Stand by.
"Take the guns first, go through due process second."
Yeah but Obama was black while ... well, not saying it. Probably not even thinking about it. Well, anyway, Obama was black.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/80zn8j/trump_take_the_guns_first_go_through_due_process/
It's like watching a fly desperately try to go through an open window but keeps missing.
I'm becoming more and more convinced that he's just winging the presidency
I mean, hey... at least it is dawning on him. Might be late to the party, but at least they got there.
When you roll a nat 1 for perception
I like the one poster just repeatedly responding "Disrespecting President Trump! Deported!"
My fav is:
He probably got banned for saying Trump is not infallible
DEPORTED!
Wall needs to be 20 feet tall, honey.
Still looking for illegals?
STILL LOOKING!
Disrespecting President Trump!
It's for a church group honey. Deported!
NEXT!!!
I only need praise for trump. Deported!
Cuck_report is in for a long night.
lol, just watched one get banned in real time. Even posting Trumps direct quote in response earned a user a ban. You literally can't quote Trump on T_D right now.
Dude I was banned a year ago for quoting Trump. That’s the thing he doesn’t stand for shit and contradicts himself all the time. I can’t believe some of them are JUST realizing this.
I’m assuming you were using an old quote to disprove a current position. That’s nothing new on T_D
We need a documentary on how TD users cope with getting banned
A) post to trumpgret
Sounds about right
"Name the restrictions that the Kenyan signed. I know he squawked a lot but I'm unable to find any."
Pretty soon they're gonna be straight-up lauding the Secrit Muslin. "He kept Guantanamo open and didn't take our guns and he drone striked those fucking brown people over in those middle countries. I mean he wasn't that bad, he did some good things against the cuck SJWS and also failed in his mission to convert America to Shia Law. "
obondo wants shakira law
hips be upon her
Love how one of the top comments is asking mods to stop banning people
Aaaannnnd they've been banned
T_D LPT. If you view it through Ceddit (just change the r in "reddit" to a c and keep the rest of the URL the same) 2 things happen. 1. You get to see the deleted comments. 2. That huge Donald Trump disappears.
So about your second point, how would I go about changing r to c in real life?
"I'm actually proud of him today" | "I'm very dissapointed with this man today'
Man those two comments are great. Banned for agreeing with him because his opinion is deemed wrong. Banned for disagreeing with him because disagreeing is wrong.
Truly the only posts left up are ones essentially saying “he didn’t say that.” This is bonkers.
I've been praying for someone to intervene, to rid this site of this blighted group.
Referring to liberals, one poster goes on to say..
what is projection?
Republican Policy for $200
Holy cognitive dissonance Batman!
Ho boy, what a shitshow. I never thought I'd live to see the day T_D would actually go against their Emperor.
This exchange in particular had me in stitches
Oh that's pure gold, I'm saving that one.
It's just so perfect for their spammy shit piss themselves off tbh.
Oh god they're even turning against the TrumpTrain bot, that's like if SRD turned on Snapshill
They’re not angry at the TrumpTrain bot, they’re just disappointed
SAD!
r/botsrights
Poor Trump Train bot just wants the fighting to stop and everything to go back to normal.
flair'd
We can share.
I haven't laughed that hard at a Reddit post in a long time
Similar occurrence, including a deleted comment.
Its not the first time, remember the Syria strike?

God Emperor. They literally call him that
"I don't understand how someone can have so little self-awareness." -Michael Scott
Because the dumbshits dont seem to realise 40k is a dystopian fucking nightmare and not something to emulate
What's the opposite of a sign of the apocalypse? Because I'm pretty sure this might be it...
Holy fuck. The whole damn thing has been nuked from orbit.
Shitwolves
Yeah breaking his promise of not assaulting the second amendment is totally going against his base. It's a complete backstab.
i heard somewhere that during CPAC he did an impromptu poll of the audience where he asked them which they preferred: keep their tax breaks, or keep their guns.
That's cause Trump wants tax cuts more than gun freedom. He's all about that money, since he's so insanely in debt to Russian oligarchs.
And he doesn't actually care about gun rights. I doubt he's ever fired one. He just goes along with it because it gets votes.
Yeah, it seems obvious Trump could not possibly give less of a fuck about guns, religion, abortions, or other core Republican issues. He just likes money and fame and sex and brute-force solutions to problems.
Trump has wet dreams about O(2n ) algorithms.
to T_Ders: I wouldn't worry about it guys. They won't be coming for everybody's guns. Just the guns of people who post crazy shit in far right forums and on FB.
Night of Long Tiki Torches
But only if there's a sale at the local walmart
God I cant believe that tiki torch company had to apologize because of those racist assholes
Ban me you fegs
I always suspected the majority of content there was 6 bots trying to out-stupid each other.
I think Trump thinks his base will support him no matter what, whereas we support him because everything he was doing was what we wanted.
Ironically, what is gonna lose support from his base is basically not shooting someone in the middle of Fifth Avenue.
GUYS GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER WERE ALL ON THE SAME SIDE CUCKS ARE COMING IN FROM THE OUTSIDE POSTING COMMENTS TO GET US TURNING ON EACH OTHER HOW DO YOU NOT SEE THIS FUCKING RELAX NOTHING IS GOING TO HAPPEN NOW LETS PULL TOGETHER
FUCKING RELAX LIKE I'M CLEARLY DOING
I AM TOTALLY FINE AND NOT YELLING OR TRIGGERED FUCK YOU YOU ARE TRIGGERED CUCK IM SORRY THAT WAS MEAN OF ME OH MY GOD WHAT DO I DO DONT FREAK OUT DONT FREAK ITS OKAY.
EVERYONE JUST....JUST KEEP YOUR FUCKING COMPOSURE
JESUS CHRIST IF I CAN STAY CALM YOU CAN, ALSO THERE ARE SPIDERS UNDER MY SKIN RIGHT NOW. DO YOU SMELL TOAST? WHAT TASTES LIKE BLOOD? HHKKJKKMMKHGFXXVBMKLMNB
OH FUCK AS IT TURNS OUT MY IDEOLOGY BASED ENTIRELY ON BEING AN ASSHOLE AND SHOUTING AT ANYONE WHO DISAGREES WITH ME HAS POOR RESISTANCE TO CONFLICTING INFORMATION.
TELL ST PETERSBURG THE RULES HAVE CHANGED NYET NYET
There are some absolute tantrums in that thread, and it's hilarious
Eh, by tomorrow they'll have rewritten history to show they always agreed with reasonable gun control.
It's a toss up between that and Trump saying the complete opposite thing tomorrow and them pretending this never happened
That's actually pretty likely.
He can contradict himself in the same sentence, so it would really surprise me if that didn't happen.
"I support reasonable gun control, because America has the best guns, the biggest guns, nobody can beat our guns, and we'll never give our guns up for anything!"
That made me sort of ill, that’s exactly what it would would like.
It's exactly what he did with DACA. Last I heard he was blaming Democrats for not sending him a DACA bill he wouldn't sign.
I think we're in for a classic switcheroo sitcom scene, as Trump suddenly flips back 180 T_D will have just finished up rewriting their history to agree with what Trump just flipped on
I've been sub'd there since before the general election - this is the largest disruption / disagreement I've seen there by a huge margin.
Oh, I don't disagree, but their ability to doublethink themselves into agreement with Trump has been pretty consistent so far.
It's kind of impressive that so many people hold so little in the way of anything resembling principles
They have one principle that overrides all others. Worship for the God Emperor must be absolute, or you are impure and to be purged.
Wasn't the first round of the net neutrality bigger than this? The one where mods stickied post about how NN was bad and should be removed then the enitre sub blew up only to have a huge ban wave?
No because that one was gone really fast. This one is significantly bigger - and so many more comments have been removed / users banned. I'm actually getting other /r/the_donald users (and based on their post hsitory, they're real /t_d users) PMing me to put their comments that got them banned today in my text post.
It's close, but the Milo Yiannopoulos/TehDonald/Lil-z/Palmer Luckey shit storm over the Nimble America PAC was, if not bigger, as big for a much longer span.
More likely they will just pretend it never happened and ban everyone who mentions it again. Or trump will retract the statement, and it will be DEFINITIVE PROOF of 4D CHESS and TROLLING THE MSM.
I'm 99.9% sure that this is 4D chess just like every other thing that happened. Everyone just needs to calm down and trust the POTUS
I'm 99.9% sure that this is 4D chess just like every other thing that happened
These guys could be literally in shackles being dragged out of their homes on the way to a gulag and they'd be like, "HOLD ON GUYS, THERE'S A REASON THIS IS HAPPENING, JUST TRUST HIM."
BUT. HER. EMAILS.
"Haha, take this liberals"
"Ha! I bet those libtards will feel real dumb when they're forced to shovel quicklime over my body in this mass grave!"
That was certainly not 4D chess pedes.
This is approaching religious levels of faith. Which I guess is appropriate for a sub that calls Trump "god-emperor"
"Take the guns first, go through due process second"
What on EARTH was Trump trying to even accomplish by saying that?
I'm unsure if Trump even knows.
"There is no reason why on the street today a citizen should be carrying loaded weapons"
Fun fact he passed gun legislation because the Black Panther Party was known to observe traffic stops involving black drivers while legally carrying weapons. So when he says "citizen" he means black person.
Yup. And the Black Panthers only started carrying guns because police would beat or murder their members.
Not just their members. The Black Panthers were protecting their communities from being unjustly beaten by the government agents that were supposed to protect them. They were literally an organized militia with the intent to protect their communities from the tyranny of their government. Isn't that exactly what the second amendment was written for?
https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/962348831789797381
If Obama would have said some shit like this, Republicans would've been drawing up articles of impeachment.
I... I don't know to feel. It's like watching a robot realize it's a robot. This is some next level cyberpunk psychological thriller.
Trump will recant his gun remarks shortly and they will all go back to licking his asshole.
So true, not sure what the fuss is about. Trump’s words mean nothing. Tomorrow he will sing a different tweet.
The unusual thing here was his persistence. If he had made one pro-gun-control comment, people would have mostly brushed it off as him parroting the last person he talked to. And then everyone would expect him to reversoe course the next day, as usual.
The amount of conviction behind this means that Trump supporters are going to have to reconcile this one of two ways: Either Trump is not the perfect build-your-own-president idol for their views, or that his words mean nothing even when he hammers down on them. The amount of effort he's put into this makes it very difficult to argue that he's doing this to "appease the Democrats", so unless you're a conspiracy theorist who believes he's being forced to say this/has been replaced/whatever, it's a lose/lose.
The_Donald right now.





“An empire toppled by its enemies can rise again. But one which crumbles from within? That's dead... forever...”
Nice Zemo quote my man just watched civil war again the other night it's so good
Trump just did something that made Trump fans self aware
Fuck you Trump Train bot
Down into the salt mines I go!
I put gummy worms inside your backpack, safe journey
"You have to do something very decisive. Number one, you can take the guns away immediately from people that you can adjudge easily are mentally ill, like this guy. You know, the police saw that he was a problem, they didn’t take any guns away. Now, that could have been policing. I think they should have taken them away anyway, whether they had the right or not. But I’ll tell you this, you have to have very strong provisions for the mentally ill."
This has been a good day.
I've said it before, but watching Trump sell his supporters down the river is one of the great pleasures of politics. No wall, no deportation task force, no Muslim ban, bipartisan gun legislation, increased presence in Afghanistan, and massive tax cuts to the rich.
You forgot no net neutrality, blaming gun violence on video games, and using the 400 pound basement dwellers stereotype during the debates.
Who would have guessed that a bitchy, lying, whiny city boy wouldn't uphold the values of the gritty american rural working class?
Someone on Reddit tried to argue that Trump understood poor American rural folk better than Hillary (was raised middle class, went to public school, literally grew up in a time where women were expected to stay at home or, at most, do "female" jobs like nursing or secretarial work) or Obama (raised by a single mother/other relatives as a mixed race kid in 1960s America).
Also Hillary's husband grew up absolutely dirt poor
Trump supporters are mad.
Hey remember when T_D was the only place on the internet where people could disagree and have a civilized discussion?
They ban anyone with a different opinion. That's their idea of a civilized discussion. Kick out anyone who disagrees.
Was it ever?
Yup. They never billed t_D as a place for discussion of any sort. It was branded, after its non-ironic popularity, as a 24/7 Trump rally, where only things they could agree about getting angry over were to be discussed.
I got banned for linking a Breitbart article in which Trump called himself a globalist.
It never ceases to amuse (and frustrate) me how an integral part of their worship for this guy is ignoring half the things he says.
I got banned for providing sources that one of their posts was false, truly the coffeehouse of the modern era
In a post asking "what do you like most about trump" I said something along the lines of "he is old, and he is mortal"
Shit, I was banned from his AMA when the question I posted was something like, "If you win, what overtures would you make to the Democrats so that you could effectively govern all the people of the country?"
I got banned from there for simply asking why Trump didn't sue for a recount like Jill Stein did if he was so sure there was voter fraud.
A few months ago, they were falling for a really blatant and clumsy 4chan trolling campaign so I made a throwaway account to point it out to them and they fucking banned me and deleted the messages.
Top comment is a dude berating everyone for not supporting 45.
I love everyone there freaking out about being downvoted. The first time a bit of dissent has entered their echo-chamber circle jerk and these clowns lose their collective shit.
Trump finally said something that made their brains explode. Took a whole year in office, but he finally did it.
"Obama in a Trump mask"
I would have expected the used of the_donald to have been more upset with his comments about video games than his recent gun comments.
I get the impression a large group of them are douchebag gamers who felt T_D appealed to their trollish impulses, and now they're in and realise it's a hive of machismo rhetoric they need to press how manly they are 24/7 to appeal to their peers, hence 'cuck' becoming their favourite catch-cry.
Exactly which is why I was surprised the video games and violent movies this didn't get more traction. That's exactly what gamergate and free speech warriors should be concerned about. He attacked their hobby, how many of them identify themselves and narry a peep.
If he bans anime waifus shit will really hit the fan.
Truly the darkest of days
He's 70+ and a businessman. I feel like he's had hella practice at signing things.
could be considered pro-gun reform
lol ill put this in post
Honestly, considering what we know about Trump this entire spiel can just be boiled down in two things:
Wow mods don't delete posts to suit your narrative this Trumps strongest base. He doesn't need yes men
Imao
Pretty much
lol
oh wow haha that's a bad look
The self-ownage is palpable.
This is the funniest thing I've ever seen on The_Douches
It was removed, but here's the ceddit link
Check this out: sort the comments by controversial. It's very interesting.
This is like Reservoir Dogs when everyone starts shooting eachother at the end.
That's beautiful. And the guy who says he's on his sixth or seventh account there! You're killing me!
Seriously, we need archive links for this. All of them are deleted!
https://ceddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/80z30g/live_president_trump_meets_with_bipartisan/
What a time to be alive.
So after reading a bunch of comments on TD, I can only assume most of the people posting there are young, impressionable people, or uneducated ones. Almost everyone I've ever interacted with (I work for a large company where I interact with a lot of people weekly) don't say these kinds of things nor have these kinds of extreme, brainless, brainwashed views.
Guess the maturity level of an entire group of people that talk to each other like they're on 4chan and talk to other people like they're on xbox live. Their political "discussion" is literally memes.
Their cult suddenly encountered actual competing opinions internally for the first time
Every time a Trumpet is in the news there's a good chance the person isn't even old enough to have voted, like that piece of shit kid from Gainesville that tried to get his classmate deported.
Is it possible to find out the amount of users banned from The_Donald already? I feel like it would make a huge subreddit on its own.
Boy, that armed revolution they always talk about is gonna be way harder after Trump unilaterally takes their guns...
I agree that this is a big misunderstanding. I'm sure he'll clear it up during his 5am tweet spree that he meant taking all guns from blacks, Mexicans, Arabs and anyone who didn't vote for him without due process; not EVERYONE.
LOL wait trump doesn’t care about the people who voted for him? I would have never thought it was possible.
Is all that talk about 3D, 4D, 5D chess, etc. what I think it is? Are people in that sub suggesting that when Trump says or does something that normal people consider batshit, he's really just cleverly several steps ahead of the game? If so, that's some rich delusion.
I like that there's a thing about subscribing and "unlocking" voting on that sub. Which is defeated by turning off the subreddit style. I didn't vote, obviously, but just how dumb are they that they think "well if we disable voting through the CSS people won't know how to get around it"?
Dumb question... what do you mean by "turning off the subreddit style"?
This would be the best time to spam them with memes of these trump quotes.
EXCELLENT. EXCELLENT.
Really? Of all the asinine shit he's pulled, this is what crosses the line for TD?
Jesus what dumb, dumb, dumb people
https://i.imgur.com/ikxg1tr.jpg
up your ass shill
They didn't see that one coming from Emperor Orange Daddy.
/r/politics is the subreddit for current and explicitly political U.S. news.
As a reminder, this subreddit is for civil discussion.
This is common sense.
And private sales need to be able to be run through NICS. I’d gladly make the call myself if I was selling a gun, but only dealers are allowed.
But how can you enforce it without some sort of database of guns and owners? What about selling to family members? Such as my father selling me his 303 Enfield or his SKS.
Quite honestly, I don’t know that it actually needs to be enforced, just allowed. I would guess that a large majority of gun owners are lawful, and would jump at the chance to be able to run background checks on private sales. It protects me as the seller, as I can be held accountable if the individual uses the firearm in a felony, and it keeps the public at large safer. Win win for me, and any buyer that doesn’t agree to that isn’t someone I want to sell to. I think it’s at least a step in the right direction.
Honestly, right now my biggest issue with background checks for private sales is I've got to go to a gunstore for that and they'll charge $50-$100 dollars just to do the paperwork.
Yes, and that’s why I’m a fan of boosting funding to NICS, so that you could directly call in.
boosting funding to NCIS,
Have you seen Jordan Klepper Solves Guns? Came out about a year ago on CC. He shows the inside of the government office where gun-tracing work is done by the ATF (i.e. this gun was bought in CA, re-sold to buyer in AZ, was stolen and used to commit crime in TX, etc, etc). They are legally barred from using computers. Everything is manila file folders, and row upon row of storage containers out back. Strangely enough, the office is in WV (neither a hotbed for federal employees, nor a bastion of gun-control advocates), and only 40 people work there to process something like half-a-million records annually.
Colorado requires a background check by a licensed gun dealer for all private sales. The fee for that check is $17.50. The dealer gets $10 of that and chance to sell accessories to a new gun owner. The remaining $7.50 goes to fund the Colorado background check system that digs a bit deeper than the Federal NICS. Colorado’s law has exceptions for short term loans for legitimate purposes. You can loan a rifle to a friend for hunting or try out another shooters gun at the range. Gifts to close family members are also exempt.
it should be a"free" service paid for with a tax on gun sales
Did you know that all gun sales already come with a 13% excise tax? Number one source of funding for wildlife and habitat conservation.
Bullets as well.
Private party sellers of firearms sometimes want to be able to screen strangers who reply to their "gun 4 sale" advertisement. There currently is no easy and straightforward way to do that.
Here in Canada, you call and give them their firearms license information. They validate that the person has passed the background check when they obtained their license. If any prohibition to weapons has gone through the courts, their license gets invalidated.
The first step to removing guns and the subsequent disarment of US citizens is a compulsory registration list.
Treat it the same as car titles. It's not that hard, people are just being intransigent, and some like the NRA are being intellectually dishonest about many of the issues. Edit: hell, treat it like car ownership in a lot of other ways too.
In my state, if you allow your car insurance to lapse, even for a single day, you are sent a notice of lapse of insurance, given a fine and asked to come to the DMV in person to prove that you either have insurance or you got rid of the car in question (surrender the plate or show proof of sale).
and I think most people do.
Weird how most of the problems related to law enforcement and government can be solved by literally giving them appropriate funding.
Government's plan-
Say that the government doesn't work and cut funding even more.
Say that the government doesn't work and cut funding even more.
cut funding even more
I mean the tax cuts are more for the customers of the lobbyists.
Raise taxes so you don't have to cut the "bomb brown people" fund. You forgot that step.
4- Complain that NEW THING is a waste of what little taxpayer money they could fund it with and that small government/privatization will fix it.



That's a problem with our bipartisan system going all to hell.
We could just cut that defense budget a little.
Yea seriously. The money is there, it's just being spent foolishly.
or the money is going exactly where the controlling interests intended, into the hands of the military-industrial complex. dwight was right.
How 'bout an audit of the defense department? The waste discovered beyond what we already know will be flabbergasting. As a vet myself I saw the waste firsthand.
But muh fields of unused tanks!
But having more aircraft carriers than the rest of the world combined!
But I really like them :(
We could cut in half and it would make no significant difference to our military strength, assuming they cut the right fat.
I don't think most people realize how large (and expensive) of an undertaking just "trimming the fat" would be.
Fair, but that doesn't mean it's not worthwhile
not necessarily. we could just like... reallocate funds... like from our massive military budget perhaps?
Maybe instead of raising taxes we should stop dumping gobs of money into a pointlessly huge defense industry. Frustrates the fuck out of me that we spend billions on what amounts to useless fighter jets and tanks we'll never use that even our military has requested we stop building.
Hey Bob, they have bigger dicks than us. WHAT?!?! Bomb them!!!
This is my one problem when people talk gun control, as a gun owner and someone who has sold guns in a retail scenario. I understand the need for a gun control conversation but first we need the infrastructure to enforce any laws
I was offered a job working for NICS a year ago. Their main center is located in bumfuck nowhere West Virginia, they require a top secret security clearance(which takes over a year to get and they won't help you get one, already have to have it) and were only offering 42k a year. Now I understand that is OK money for the location, but no one with a TS clearance wants to take a dead end job like that where you are required to move to a place with no other prospects for "meh" pay. It was seriously the lowest amount of money I've ever been offered as a contractor.
Can we get the system to work right, please??
Correct me if I’m wrong, but background checks are already required for anyone to buy a firearm. Florida shooter fell through the cracks somehow right?
Simply enforcing existing rules would have affected at least one mass shooting.
This is where things get interesting. Most people I know support background checks. Even super pro-gun people.
As a gun owner myself, I'm fine with taking someone's gun away if they've been accused and convicted of a serious crime. There's no blanket "bad" thing that fits all scenarios though. It would need to be done on case by case basis depending on the severity of the crime.
Domestic violence is pretty fucking close as a universal bad thing.
Army personnel with domestic battery convictions are banned from using service weapons.
The same are supposed to be denied when their 4473 gets filled out.
Not every gun sale uses that form though.
Open up NICS to all citizens and we could solve that really fast
This guy wants to solve problems. But it has to go hand in hand with a DRAMATIC improvement in the reporting of prohibited persons. The Texas church shooter was a massive failure on the part of the Air Force and DoJ.
Yea a couple months ago here in Kansas I just met a guy in his garage and paid for a gun in cash. I don't have any permits and don't even have to register the gun.
In Canada I can sell a dude a gun in a garage as well, pay in cash, and I don't need to do anything other than verify that he has a Possession and Acquisition License (PAL). If it's a restricted firearm, ie a handgun or listed long gun, we'd have to call into the National Firearms Centre and transfer the registration.
That sounds too efficient to work for the US.
same in NZ, once you have your license all you need to do is sight the guy's license and you're golden
And I get that the majority of people who do this are cool but also I really don't like it.
That’s because we have demonstrable proof that firearms in the hands of domestic abusers is a recipe for death.
Not just for their victims but it’s a consistent background issue in many mass shooters.
But if we prohibit domestic abusers from owning guns, what happens when the police come to arrest a domestic abuser? How will the abuser defend himself from the tyrannical state government?
Be white?
You are legally prohibited from owning a firearm if convicted of a crime of domestic violence.
That's only helpful if the information finds its way to the appropriate database, which it didn't in the case of the Sutherland Springs, TX shooter. Whoops.
And helps if the database has computers.
Wait, so we have to actually fund things to solve the problem?
Inorite
I was so shocked to learn that the ATF has to lug its records around on carts to and from the lot out back. There are so many files the building can't hold the weight of the paper, so they are kept in storage containers outside. Madness.
There's also the bit where the feds apparently can't compel upload to the NICS. Local and state agencies can update records but they don't have to, even if they get state grants for it (between 2009 and 2014 Mass got $2.3m in FBI grants and collected one record). There are also quality issues especially when it comes to mental health record as people stay in NCIS due to ages-old non-medical definitions of "mental defects".
This is a huge part of the problem. It's a federal database without requirements for state and local authorities to update it. So the only for sure catch is if someone is convicted of a federal crime.
Yeah. If the rest of the world was more aware of this particular problem, we would laugh at you.
That law doesn't apply to dating partners or convicted stalkers, though. Also, you are legally prohibited from purchasing a new firearm, but processes for the removal of guns the person already owns vary from place to place.
A friend of mine was accused of abuse of his crazy ex, lots of court was went to, and they took his gun without a conviction.
That law has a "boyfriend/girlfriend" loophole.
Not in oregon anymore.
Domestic Violence and Violence against Animals are pretty predictive of further capacity for violence. Those are excellent reasons to be barred from possession of firearms.
I read somewhere that statistically a woman's most dangerous part of her life is after getting out of a relationship for this reason specifically. I'm too lazy to find the article so I might just be talking shit.
My ex husband has a domestic violence conviction. He threatened me with a shotgun one night in our kitchen. I talked him down then recorded him admitting he did it, then filed charges. He was arrested for assault with a deadly weapon and pled down to deadly conduct - a class A misdemeanor. People like him shouldn’t have access to firearms, but he regularly brags on reddit he can pick up a gun anytime. Shits bananas.
I've lost friends to people like your ex-husband.
I think having active protective orders or restraining orders against you should also keep you from obtaining a gun.
The shooter last week hadn't committed a single crime until the moment he trespassed on school property before the shooting.
Yup. My opinion is that mental health needs to be looked at. I'd be ok with a psychological evaluation at the time of purchase. Hate groups also need to be tracked. I don't buy the NRA and Republican theory that all of this violence comes from a culture of celebrating death through Hollywood and video games.
Yeah, if anything ppl were killing each other even MORE before modern video games, wars, lynchings, etc. It's always been with us.
Not only that, we export Hollywood and Grand Theft Auto to the rest of the world. They don't have the shootings that we do. It's not our culture. The Republican talking point is stupid.
I'm sorry but our culture definitely has something to do with it. Switzerland has near 25% gun ownership and they don't have these issues
You import Grand Theft Auto
It's going to be a hard sell denying someone their second amendment right to arms for practicing their first amendment right to free speech, though.
My opinion is that mental health needs to be looked at.
in south africa a police officer used to personally visit your house to make sure you had a built in safe suitable to store the firearm you were purchasing
"Sure you're not a criminal but you belong to a group that I disagree with, so no constitutional rights for you"
The problem with psychiatric screening is that the system can be abused greatly.
How often should a gun buyer be evaluated and who should pay for the evaluation?
I don't buy the NRA and Republican theory
The shooter last week hadn't committed a single crime until the moment he trespassed on school property before the shooting.
An unconvicted crime is the same as one that didn't happen at all in terms of law enforcement. I'd rather not leave such an important safety filter up to a system that as you just showed isn't working.
You need to have 2 driver's test before you can use a car. Why not have a proficiency test and a psych evaluation before you can buy a gun? Any hobby hunter should be able to pass a routine psych evaluation.
There's probably evidence that was overlooked that would have qualified him for an animal cruelty charge. It was widely reported that peers knew him to be cruel to animals.
He was kicked out of school for getting in fights and sending multiple death threats - source.
How about the criteria as listed on the 4473?


As a gun owner myself, I'm fine with taking someone's gun away if they've been accused and convicted of a serious crime.
Not even that, being the focus of a protection order obtained through a preponderance of the evidence standard has the same effect
There was history for Cruz. There were twenty 911 calls to the Sheriff's office and while he had no convictions, twenty calls should have been enough for a mental health intervention.
A mental health specialist from South Florida AND another one from Broward County accompanied the Sheriff on calls to the house/school. Although there was proof of "self harm" and both had the power to put him in mandatory observation; both "signed off" on him. If he had been brought in for observation and deemed a harm to himself, he would've been placed on a list foregoing his right to own firearms.
Well the issue I think becomes background checks on private sales which is where the criminals are really buying them. To implement this essentially requires a gun registry database which is a non-starter for most gun enthusiasts.

Well the issue I think becomes background checks on private sales which is where the criminals are really buying them.
Why? Everyone seems pretty okay with social security numbers and drivers licenses and what not.
One of the reasons they have guns is in case of a tyrannical government. Get in that state of mind and you could see why they wouldn't be too keen on registration.
Still I just don't get it. Just because the government knows the serial number of my gun that doesn't mean they can take it.
So I know some people who actually worry about that. Their rationale is that if there ever were to be a tyrannical government that took over this country the first thing they would do would be to send their goons to all of the houses of registered gun owners and take their guns, by force if necessary.
Not even that. In Canada they had a registry so people signed up. Then the government banned a specific kind of gun and every person who owned that gun got a letter from the police telling them to turn it in or get arrested.
But isn't that the litmus test for a government being totalitarian? So as soon as the gun control task force is at their door they start open firing on the police and begin their revolution?
Playing devil's advocate, the concern is that this would be more insidious. Not uniformed thugs showing up, but increased taxes, liens, summonses, all nice and tidy and legal.
And it wouldn't be overnight. First they would ban certain type. The assault rifle. "You can keep the others, but we need this one." Then they limit magazine capacity on all guns down to 1-2 maybe 3 rounds. Then inspections to ensure guns are properly stored. "Oh not stored, we are confiscating". If we are going down that road, it's very easy to imagine that we wouldn't just wake up to a MC division in the streets banging on doors out of the blue.
They can trace a serial number by asking the manufacturer who they sold it to and then asking the FFL who they sold it to. They don't actually have a list of who does and does not have guns to confiscate.
Social security numbers were only allowed to exist because we were guaranteed they would never be used outside the Social Security Administration. In fact, it's supposed to be - and still is on paper - illegal for anyone but the SSA and a few other government agencies to ask for or use them. We had to make all sorts of guarantees to civil libertarians to get them in place initially.
It is against the law, the Firearm Owners' Protection Act made it illegal for firearms and owners of said firearms be recorded in any database or registry.
Why? Everyone seems pretty okay with social security numbers and drivers licenses and what not.
Aside from lists being published and all that registry has historically lead to confiscations, if you know where every gun is and who has it it's much much much easier to take it.
Define bad.
Then what? How could guns have been removed from Nikolas Cruz? Perhaps a 2 year waiting period for any legal adult expelled from school? Even taking age and education into account, how could guns have been removed from outliers like Stephen Paddock? Or even James Holmes?
Jesus, if we start taking in to account people's behavior over their entire lives we may as well just wholesale ban everything remotely resembling a firearm.
Used to sell firearms here, can confirm this problem. I had a guy who wanted to buy a shotgun to go pheasant hunting, couldn't do it because he was in a bad way and wrote three bad checks as a teenager in Missouri in the 80's and received a felony conviction for it. I understand when people worry about how the government will handle this, no way this guy and the guys I deal with on a daily basis now (work at a maximum security prison) should be in the same boat.
The Vegas shooter had no criminal history, he passed the background check.
I'm a gun dude. I think background checks are amazing and should be enforced. I also want a mandatory cooling off period, and proof that you have a safe to store them in.
Its also on the honus of the gunstore owners to refuse and report
Maybe there should be a system in place to report sketchy people like this and share this information with other gun stores and the FBI.
I have to scan my ID and sign for Claritin D in Florida.
Then he found a gunstore who thought "im not gay but 20 is 20"
It's the punchline to a joke. Q: Would you suck a dick for $20? A: I'm not gay, but $20 is $20.
The joke is ironic, considering Pulse was a gay nightclub.
This is the part that confused the hell out of me. Couldn't figure out what they were trying to say, given the context.
So since it's legal to do a private sale in most states without going through a licensed firearms dealer, fucking make the FBI criminal background check database public so we can use the same information the FFL would get when you fill out form 4473 to do private background checks.
The walling off of the NICS system was intentional, you could just go to a FFL and have them do the check, was the though when the Brady Bill was being negotiated. Then the purge in the 90's where a large number of FFL's, mostly "table top" were snuffed out by the ATF, if I remember to the tune of 200,000 dealers lost or were unable to renew their license.
I live in WA state and we passed this law a few years ago. ALL gun sales must go through an FFL for background check, not just guns purchased there. Private sales can't be done at someone's house now and it "fixed" the gun show loophole everyone goes on about. It's generally annoying because now you have to pay transfer fees when you sell to cover the background check, but it's something. I'm curious about any change in statistics since it went into effect. WA RCW
It's the same way in NY since the SAFE Act but I don't know anyone who's actually done an FFL transfer for a private sale unless it was a handgun. There's simply no way to stop a private sale of long arms without a gun registry which the majority of gun owners would be against.
It honestly is no different from trying to enforce drug laws.
This is just one reason why I’m against registration, besides the fact it really doesn’t do anything to identify the perpetrators of gun crime (usually unregistered firearms anyway)
Here's one thought I have about that.
This is already how serial number traces work. Problem is it’s not enforceable because if the person did illegally sell it, they just claim they lost it or say oh someone robbed me and I forgot to report.
"Wow your resume looks great, unfortunately the FBI database said you were suicidal 7 years ago so we are going to hire someone less likely to kill themselves"
Pretty simple to solve that.
Obviously you've not been held up for a background check. There is a reason why they pass it after 3 days if it fails to process by then. Permanent "processing" is a means of denial without due process.
I'm not comfortable with any stranger having access to private details about my life. It shouldn't be as easily googable as a facebook page.
I mean it seems like there are solutions out there that would address your concern. Say you want to buy a gun from a private party...
Pretty sure I’ve seen this suggestion from you on Reddit from like a year ago, small site eh?
I'm sure I'm not the only one to have this idea, but 99% sure I've never posted it before.
Another solution is gun licensing. Just show the seller you have a license, they can check online to see if it has expired or been cancelled. Boom easy.
Gun licensing has the same problem that voter id laws have. If you want to suppress gun ownership, you restrict the licenses. The second amendment is never repealed, but you interpret it out of existence.
If it was a pass/fail response, would that be clear enough?




all FFL's get back from NICS is accept, reject, or delay.
What's missing in context is that this question asks about an idea, not legislation. Verbatim, this was the question asked:
Interesting. Is a Coburn system genuinely supported by the right because I haven't heard as much but you never hear nuance on this topic. Do the NRA (and lobbyists) support neither framework?
No Republican has picked up Coburn, sadly. It lies dead here.
Just to add on to this Ted Cruz (ugh, I want to vomit) had a bipartisan proposal Cruz-Grassley bill. 7 Dems voted for it even but then Reid killed it. Had NRA support and funding for the ATF to prosecute when prohibited people tried to buy guns, fix the NICS. But didn't expand background checks. Added money for improved school safety and authorized federal studies into reducing mass shootings.
So many people seem to be misinformed on this topic. Background checks are already required in all 50 states howeve most states dont require them for private sales. The problem with this approach is that nearly every mass shooter(including this recent one) has passed the background check with ease. So "universal" background checks are purely a feel good attempt at solving this.
So many people seem to be misinformed on this topic.
How is this different from what we have, now? Don't we already do background checks?
Yes. Except for private sales which so many people confuse for a gun show "loophole".
Just for clarification - the gunshow “loophole” is not as widespread as media makes it seem. Was less widespread than hand to hand private sales....
A) private sales don't need this step
Well duh. The problem is the NICS doesn't work some/a lot of the time.
Wait im a bit confused, ive purchased fire arms in Texas, California and Georgia while in the military. Ive never not had a background check done, am i missing something or do some states not do them?
Ive never not had a background check done, am i missing something or do some states not do them?
People worried about the gun show loophole need to go to gun shows. Nobody there is looking for a gun to rob a liquor store
The idea of the universal system (and implementing it properly) is to have a single database that every state and municipality reports to accurately. As it stands, NICS can miss things because of lack of reporting or misreporting. That's just one example of what we could overhaul
Something north of 85% of all guns bought and sold ARE with a background check.
Which is already in place...
FYI background checks are already required in all 50 states
Most mass shooters we have had had clean backgrounds. So.....
The problem is that 97% number could also be used to describe the amount of mass shooters that would have passed a check. I'm all for it, but don't expect it to significantly reduce gun violence.
Good thing its been implemented for years now.
What planet are we living on? There are already background checks done by all commercial sellers for every firearm, even if you already own one.
This isn't actually "new" news, is it? Throughout my life, I've never heard anyone make the argument, "Everyone, including those diagnosed as mentally unstable or with criminal records, deserves to own a firearm."
I must ^ know every person in the three percent that don’t support this.
These motherfuckers
And when school shootings continue after that, well of course we'll need a new "Never Again" movement to pass more common sense gun control. So, let's raise the legal age to purchase all guns to 21. But another school shooting happened, so let's do more gun control. So we enact federal laws that look like the gun laws in California or Massachusetts. But for some reason, a school shooting still happens despite all the onerous burdens to legally acquire a gun. Someone still slips through the cracks. What are we to do? Why, let's ban all guns of course. And to this I say, yes, of course. Just amend the Constitution first. But instead we'll just chip away at it with 1,000 little common sense regulations that don't prevent all mass shootings, which in turn give rise to more and more "Never Again" movements.
This post, with various implied undertones people may want to believe it has, is basically the real life crux. Remove all the lobbyists, anyone who has money to earn from the ordeal either way, remove the knee jerk responses, and we still have a problem.
This would essentially just extend background checks to private party transfers right? Because despite all the memes about “gun shows” you still need a background check if you buy a gun from a dealer at a gun show.
I'm a gun owner and I support background checks for all gun purchases.
This shooting exposed all the cracks in the system at once. Here you have someone with HUGE red flags, had been reported to the FBI, had been visited by police 30 some-odd times, hell the kid even sometimes introduced himself as 'school shooter', and yet still he was able to acquire over 10 guns this year.
I had to get a background check when I bought a gun. What makes people think there isn't background checks?
Yes we support them and they are a useless false sense that has done nothing but keep guns out of hands of people that are already violent. Fix society, and our school system if you want to stop kids from shooting people
Who the hell are the 3 percent of people that are against background checks for buying guns and what could their logic possibly be?!
The overwhelming majority of gun sales go through the background check system. The exception is private resales (e.g., I've owned my pistol for 10 years and now I want to get rid of it so I sell it)--this is the so-called " gun-show loophole." (Note: There is no explicit exception in federal law for gun shows.)
I have many firearms, including several AR variants which I've built. Not only do I fully support background checks for all gun buyers, but I wouldn't be opposed to mandatory training and licensing. If it increases safety and allows me to enjoy my hobby, I'm totally down.
It really shows how "in the pocket" these guys are that everybody in America wants something and they aren't going to do it because.... they do have a public reason right?

/r/politics is the subreddit for current and explicitly political U.S. news.
As a reminder, this subreddit is for civil discussion.
Odd that Amazon is still on there when Trump is always painting Jeff Bezos as some left wing super left wing conspirator.
Amazon also refused to pull their ads from Breitbart, even when every other advertiser did.
I just found this: https://www.amazon.com/Mein-Kampf-Adolf-Hitler/dp/817224164X
ISBN 1542961459 is a self-published version and the author promises to donate all profts to the National Socialist Party. Sorry, folks, this is the United States and Hitler committed suicide decades ago after destroying his country and ruining and destroying the lives of millions. Avoid this edition.
Well someone has to tell them the facts no?
Are you kidding? Facts mean nothing to these people.
it looks like someone snuck that into the rest of the "for historical study" description
The sheer size of Amazon's operation may be the issue. It's possible that they have multiple contracts with the NRA, and may be working with their lawyers to find a way out.
It's possible that they have multiple contracts with the NRA, and may be working with their lawyers to find a way out.




















Anyone who doesn't follow Trump's train, is a super commie leftist. According to his dimwitted supporters.
I don't want to pay for the wall. I believe in small government.
Forgive me for my ignorance, but would any politically savvy redditor mind explaining to me why a private business tycoon is seen as the socialist anti-Christ to the right-wing?
I think it's based exclusively on his purchase of the Washington Post in 2013. The paper was apparently really struggling, and he is credited with saving and reviving it. Since The Washington Post is considered a liberal newspaper hell-bent on taking down Trump by the right, Bezos is seen as a liberal hell-bent on taking down Trump as well. Beyond that it doesn't seem like Bezos donates much money to any cause, liberal or otherwise.
Just in case anyone was wondering the Washington Post isn't hell-bent on taking down Trump.
Reporting facts that makes president look bad is not good though /s.
Well, that’s absurd. But ok.
"Wtf I suddenly hate Delta now"
Not exactly World travelers though.
Yeah lol more flown over than flying :)
Stuff sure flies over their heads often.
Let's be honest, most of them never made it out of their home state, much less travelled the world.
Let's be honest, most of them never made it out of their home state town, much less travelled the world.
You say it like its a meme but on the Delta tweet announcing their partnership ending, some MAGA dumbass was bitching about how he's "disappointed and will make sure to never fly Delta again", to which everyone responded "Thank God, now I don't have to sit next to a MAGA goon on my next flight". Dude got owned.
As a former Delta employee, I'm proud to see them take a stand. Who knew that saying "we don't like seeing kids getting shot and killed" could be so difficult?
I'm just slightly amused that the campaign against the NRA and associated companies has been far more effective than the conservative campaign against the NFL and associated companies.
Not to mention they were going to boycott Hamilton and Rogue One. I'm sure those two productions felt the pain. /s
Lol the idea of conservative red necks "boycotting" a Broadway show they had no intention of seeing
Yeah, i am also boycotting Ferrari and Tesla
I am boycotting 5-star restaurants, can't stand em.
I'm boycotting diamond rated hotels.
I'm boycotting every hot girl who refused to sleep with me in high school and college. Take that, Amanda Middleton!
I'm boycotting sexy yacht parties.
No more yachts for me!
Boycotting a sold out Broadway show.
Related:
Well ok then, I'm boycotting Scarlett Johansson and having sixpack abs.
My favorite is on Fox News today they were complaining about the liberal thought police, and how America shouldn’t stand for the NRA being dropped by companies just because of their political opinions. All I could think is how do they explain then all the other boycotts they call for?
Their audience don’t have critical thinking skills so there’s no need to explain their previous actions
Plus, stress and chaos increase cortisone in the brain, inhibiting the prefrontal cortex from effectively utilizing critical thinking skills, thus inducing a person to make poorer decisions.
This should be better known. It's the same thing Russian shills will try to abuse when arguing on this site. They want you angry and stressed so that they can force you to slip up.
FDR was right.
My favorite is on Fox News today they were complaining about the liberal thought police,
"And how people that don't clap after our dear leader speaks are actual traitors"
Wait what? Why Rogue One?
Had a 'chick' as the lead?
Yep
Female lead role. Black lead role.
Female, Mexican, two Asian, Pakistani, and droid lead roles you mean. The Sequel Trilogy has the female and black lead roles, though it also "suffered" the same "boycotts".
Who was the black lead role in rogue one?
I think they were thinks of The Force Awakens
the droid
dey took er droidz
Female and mexican lead roles maybe?
Let's also not forget that sometimes conservative logic dictates that you must buy something to protest it like having Starbucks write Christmas or Jesus on your cup to acknowledge the meaning if Christmas or to buy your kurieg to smash.
It's sad really. Here it is almost March and the Commie liberals' 'War on Christmas' (tm) means I don't see a single Christmas themed cup!
Oh no, I must be part of the war! I took my Christmas tree down, IN LATE JANUARY!!!!!!!!
I leave my tree up all year. But I don't celebrate Christmas, am not religious, and have covered the tree in weird shit.
And unfortunately there will be companies that double down on their NRA support and get a bump in sales. Like after Chick Fil'a got flack for the CEO being a bigoted asshole, dumbasses railed around them. I think a governor even declared a Chick Fil'a day.
And Black Panther sits at #5 for all time opening weekend box office take. Yeah, looks like the culture war is p much done.
Not to detract from your point, but can I just take a moment here to complain about that metric?
They didn't even realize Wakanda is an alt right country like they want!
I wish people had boycotted Hamilton so I could get tickets that weren’t super expensive
I have a very hard time imagining that the most of the people who wanted to boycott Hamilton had ever seen it before to begin with or even heard of it. I am sure the production will be just fine.
It's almost like more people care about kids dying than athletes kneeling. Checkmate conservatives.
Haaaaaa! That made me giggle.
Remember when they destroyed the keurig machines they had already bought? So adorable.
Like when protestors burned Harry Potter books or whatever, and JK Rowling was like Okay but I still have your money, so..
Also rural conservatives don’t actually use many national companies other than Walmart and tractor supply. Ask every one of the companies that is cutting their ties with the NRA if they’d rather have an urban customer base or a rural customer base. They’d all say urban.
I suspect the customers of Tractor Supply aren't as right wing as you'd imagine. Look at the sections under their About Us page and they sound pretty wholesome and support agreeable causes.
I’m 100% with you on everything you said.
and trump literally just posted another bullshit tweet about standing during the anthem, as if that was even a topic anymore in light of recent events
It's scary though that some fine people see NFL players kneeling as the greater tragedy deserving action vs kids getting shot at school.
I actually think the NRA is starting to hurt now. Things don't look as impossible to change with the youth leading the way. All thanks to those young folk from Florida!
These kids have made me proud (for once lol) to be a Floridian.
These kids are definitely gonna make the history books.
I mean, they're gonna be the ones writing them, so yeah.
South Florida is diverse af and lives daily with all the "boogy men" that all the rest of the red states are massively afraid of destroying their way of life (aka: diversity). We have some of the scummiest fucks in the world, don't get me wrong... but most who grow up here are far more progressive than any place I have been to.
South Florida is diverse af and lives daily with all the "boogy men" that all the rest of the red states
I figure this is going to do one of two things: it's going to hurt the NRA and remove all the lovely privileges that make being a member worth it... or it's going to drive up NRA memberships massively because Conservatives will have a "If you support us you need to support the NRA because of liberal attacks!" and try to convince people to sign up. Sort of like the whole Chick-Fil-A shit where, somehow, eating a chicken sandwich at a Chick-Fil-A and getting your picture taken with a bag showed your support for Christianity. Or... something.
So I'm relatively young and never really got involved in political matters until this past election. So let me apologize in advance for my ignorance.
You're actually talking to a fellow young person. At least as far as I know, the NRA has never received push back like this after a school shooting.
A lot of change starts with younger people, usually college campuses. I'm really impressed to see it starting in high schools for once.
It SHOULDN'T be on you, but you are absolutely right, it is. You and your peers in your age group have the deserved power to propel things forward. I'm in my 40's and my peers 100% support you, are proud of you and want you to succeed. This time it feels absolutely different.
We're collectively behind you, putting wind in your sails. You have every right to be mad as hell! Spread the word about why you deserve to be mad as hell and get all fellow young people to VOTE!
I couldn’t have said it better myself. 45 year old checking in here.
41 checking in. For my friends and I, politics were laughing at Bill Clinton for his sex scandal, rooting for Bush to fight back after 9/11, then hating him for his Weapons of Mass Destruction bullshit and attacks on gay marriage. Then ignored politics altogether during the calm Obama years. Now it just feels like we took it for granted and now America has crumbled and I'm ashamed by those voting for and cheering on Trump as if this is a good thing. These teenagers give me hope.
Over 50 here. Agree with you100%. This generation actually gives me real hope. Never thought I'd type those words, but yeah... they do.
The NRA of the past was usually smart enough to lay low until the public had forgotten about it.
Companies don't sever ties with organizations en masse like they seem to be doing now. We definitely live in interesting times, politically. I'm sure someone alive during Nixon could tell you the similarities but since at least 2000 when I would have started knowing a little about the controversies of the day I never personally have experienced times like this
A little bit of both. It really depends on how much the public keeps the pressure up.
Why do so many companies offer discounts for NRA membership in the first place?
Seriously, I never knew being an NRA member was better than AAA. Makes no sense.
I bet NRA members have more money on average than AAA members
When you buy a brand new gun the manufacturer usually includes an NRA sign up card in the packaging. I know first hand that Ruger does this. So a lot of gun owners do sign up as membership includes personal insurance against gunshot accidents and the like.
The same reason they offer group discounts to any other organization. Large organizations can negotiate group discounts with brands because the brand sees it as a way to get more consistent business. A 5 or 10% discount is nothing for most companies, but if it convinces a few more people to book a room or ship a package or rent a car, then the company comes out ahead.
NRA members tend to be wealthy white men. It makes good business sense to attract them, but now it may finally be too toxic to be worth it
Man, the GOP has really created a monster haven't they?
Disconnected, and anti democratic would be the terms I'd pick. Bordering on fascist to full blown Nazis.
Running List
MidwayUSA is a gun parts warehouse. That one probably won't drop.
I doubt Walmart will drop them either. Walmart sells guns and ammo.
And are also evil.
Why kind of an Walmart sells gun? What the fuck. I live in Canada if that makes any more sense
Oh yeah they sell the shit out of guns and ammo down here. They only sell rifles and shotguns though.
Same reaction.
I live in Germany, walking into a supermarket that sells guns sounds crazy?
Yea thats never gonna happen.
YouTube is also owned by Google, but still has their own CEO, and considering how she thinks Logan Paul did nothing wrong....
she thinks Logan Paul did nothing wrong
A bit of exaggeration. She said he hasnt gotten 3 strikes to be kicked off the platform yet. They dont have a no tolerance policy.
Good luck with the Walmart one.
Yeah, you're right, Walmart and the NRA are an unfortunate duality, and the most recognizable "go-to" store for a lot of rural communities.
Shiny things to distract you from how hard you're being fucked, mostly.
Don’t Apple, Amazon, and Google just have NRA apps on their stores? Or is there a deeper partnership I’m not aware of?
The only “tie” is probably the ability for the NRA to broadcast through their streaming services.
Yeah I’d like to know the same, cos these are major players in their respective markets (including YouTube) and them continuing to stay affiliated with the NRA (if that is the case) needs to be a significant black eye on their image.
I think that’s right. So, to me, that’s not something to boycott or protest. It’s just censoring an app you dislike. That’s different than a sponsorship or promotional collaboration.
Make sure you reach out! I just told amazon I would cancel my prime membership and was able to get my comment to a manager. Might not do anything, but if enough people say something, it might!
Why the fuck are Amazon supporting the NRA anyway? Can you imagine the level of stupid in that board meeting?
It isn't like they sponsor NRA, to my knowledge.
It’s also worth telling them to remove the NRA as a supportable charity in Amazon Smile.
I contacted Amazon and Apple and voiced my opinion on the matter as well. It took only a few minutes.
I'm a Prime member, but I can't figure out how to start the chat. Help?
Call them and tell them to stop auto-renew on your prime membership.. gives you time to still use it if you rely on it.. and gives a hard statistic for them to refer to on the impact of their support of a domestic terrorist organization that cares nothing about your children being slaughtered on american soil.
Amazon customer service phone number for the lazy: 1 (888) 280-4331
Plus, he was warning that if "they" win in the upcoming elections then they'll take away the 2nd amendment. As if democrats are a terrifying "they".
I just cancelled my Prime membership and told them I won't renew until they stop providing services for the NRA.
https://imgur.com/a/63gjZ
I tweeted at Starkey and told them I work in the same town as them and their continued support would mean that I would automatically discard job postings from them. I figured since I'm not in the market for hearing aids maybe the thought of their workforce and talent pool taking a hit would get their attention.
Some of these companies (Google, Amazon, Apple) have very little to lose by taking action either way. Hopefully they do the right thing, because they also have nothing to gain by continuing to prop up the NRA.
Very ignorant of me, but why do they support the NRA in the first place? Genuinely asking and curious.
As a marketing guy, I can say associations with big name brands help the nra brand. If I (hypothetically a nra marketing manager) reach out to big industry names like Apple/google/Amazon coordinate offering a small discount for their product, I can put there logo on my website and say “Proud partner with Apple.” It further legitimizes my place in the marketplace a variety of ways. It can also create an image that the company supports me, and my actions. If the company(Apple) wants to distance themselves from a single one of the nra’s positions, they can issue a statement “Apple or it’s subsidiaries do not necessarily endorse the views or opinions of the nra...” Or they can pull the association altogether like some of these companies are doing.
They probably didn't see it as an issue, they support lots of groups. Lots of people are only just recently discovering how truly fucked up the NRA is.
i was pretty indifferent towards the NRA until I saw their advertisement which is essentially alt right propaganda encouraging people to arm themselves against the left to protect the country
Those ads are only slightly disguised calls to arm yourself and prepare for civil war. Absolutely disgusting and borderline treasonous.
Amazon, Apple and Google all stream NRA TV.
Everyone also needs to keep in mind that voicing your opinion to these companies about this issue is a form of protest, and clearly it works.
Here is the IRS tax exempt complain form, please complain about the NRA's tax 501(c)(4) exempt status they get for being a 'social welfare program':
Jesus christ, a social welfare program? Nothing could be farther from the truth.
Fucking hate the NRA ads on YouTube. Pure propaganda and obviously an right adverstiment. "Schools are telling your children the President is Hitler!". Nah, fuck you. We don't need more reasons to fear schools.
“The elites don’t care about America’s school children”
We need to contact these remaining companies and when you do, whether you email or call, make sure to link or reference speeches given by Wayne LaPierre and Dana Loesch at CPAC. These are the voices of the NRA and they are objectively hateful in their words. Remind these companies that this is what they are supporting when they choose to support the NRA.
You could reference the terrorism propaganda videos which she stars in.
I would direct them to NRA's hate videos, which are practically inciting gun owners to violence.
What the fuck
This is genuinely something from a shit dystopian movie
Nothing sells guns like fear.
Terrorism. That isn't a hate video, that is a terrorist video.
https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f13909.pdf Fill these forms out and select the "Is involved with terrorist activity" section, and let's get their tax-exempt status removed! Hell, there are a few "Violations" so far that apply to the NRA.
Oh wow. That was worse than I could have imagined. What were they thinking?
Living in a bubble, one loses perspective.
Dana Loesch is a hate magnet - my god, after listening to her town hall answers, then CPAC speech, then that CNN interview, she's having a Sean Spicer moment or something? People like her and LaPierre seem like fitting names to any list that bans them from having any gun whatsoever.
I mean, honestly, do people feel safe after listening to that shit?
It's a vicious cycle of tragedy, which makes it more appalling that the NRA and Trump admin's response to such horrific shooting is to arm MORE people with guns so the NRA can make money. They didn't seem to waste too much time politicizing when we had the shooting in TX - the good guy with a gun - by expecting teachers to shoot someone they might have talked to yesterday or hours before.
I mean, honestly, do people feel safe after listening to that shit?
It's apparent though - how people seem to go and buy MORE guns after a shooting. I get that it's fear and paranoia talking but it's so toxic to watch these cycles over and over again. We suddenly start referencing shootings like the Aurora movie theater shooting, Newtown Sandy Hook shooting, Las Vegas shooting, etc. You know what happens after these shootings? It's history, memorialized by books examining these events and they're going to be fucking vocabulary words in future history textbooks.
Thr NRA had multiple opportunities to chance the face and tone of their organization. They could've gotten ahead of all these gun debates and took a more moderate approach that is more digestable to future generations. They have a very absolute approach which is very off putting.
Agreed. All of the rational gun owners I know are actually pretty staunchly anti-NRA and that includes my few cop friends. (But I do live in New England, where gun ownership in general is just part of your life/hobbies, not the thing you build your entire identity and political beliefs around.)
Who knew that talking shit on victims would end this badly?
As I posted in another thread - I work for Delta and I'm ever more prouder of my employer today.
Apt username, too!
United just followed suit
From the NRA homepage:
European socialist here. What the fuck did I just read. The NRA is truly delusional.
ugh now i gotta fly Delta.
Could always fly with United and get dragged out from an overbooked flight
As long as you survive you get the voucher, right?
Because we're Delta Airlines....and life is a fucking nightmare.

Thoughts and prayers.
There is an election this year. Find out which representatives of yours gets money from the NRA and vote accordingly.
To side with the youth, or gun-toting extremists....
Another one bites the dust!
I'm getting excited. Does this finally mean the NRA may actually be held responsible for shit it pushes???
Politicians can't take money from the NRA if the NRA doesn't have money to give.
This is one of the best things that can be done in the short term. Start hurting them in their pockets.
So pay attention, everyone! The most effective way to affect change is to hit the bad guys where they'll feel the most pain - in their wallets.
About time! Unfortunate it took some kids that are scared for their lives to make a change. But kudos to them. I hope they continue fighting for their beliefs throughout their lives.
I can't understand why an airline, of all things, would partner with the NRA in the first place...
In other news, the NRA announced that Martin Shkreli is this year's winner of the NRA Principled Patriot Award for Professional Ethics.
Ajit Pai DID win an award for "courage"

I just walked out of my college right now.
I've been on a walk out from my college for years now
My university had a "walk out" also. I would've gone but where they met up was across campus from where I was
Our school had us "walk out" to the gymnasium, then have to write an "inquiry-based reflection" about it.
Congrats, you've been handled. Like protesters being moved to a safe protest zone...which is usually a place where nobody will notice you, and you can be easily contained.
"We're not going to silence you, we're just going to make sure no one hears you."
Thanks Bush for Free Speech Zones.
Sadly they predate him, and the democrats have used and I think even started them
The same thing happened at my school. I didn't participate (along with a lot of other kids who would rather just learn) but from what I heard it was more of an assembly put on by administration.
Am I the only one that feels that school shootings are just the symptom, and a better way of addressing the problem would be making schools a more healthy mental environment with better trained counselors and opportunities for students to let go of their bottled up emotions?
Wait you mean running schools for learning and growth of children? What Tom foolery are you trying to pull here. Only thing that matters is dollars.
Dont you worry, Betsy DeVos is on the job now. she's going to fix it and fix the safety issue too
Holy shit, I watched that interview... she's a total fuckin' numbskull. That lady knows DICK about the educational system.
Yeah but she was chair of the Michigan GOP and her family gave $150 million to the Republican Party. What’s a more important qualification than that?
Her confirmation hearings proved that. That is why the VP had to vote to approve her.
and her bitter speeches after the fact! she just keeps digging herself in deeper. like most of this admin, she's completely removed from reality and the actual needs of the people she's supposed to be serving.
But she's a rich white lady who hasn't spurred Russia yet so she can stay.
SHS cannot even say the word Russia when asked on three separate occasions during a press conference. where's the outrage on both sides? Imagine if 44 had done any of this..
Imagine if he wore a brown suit....
While eating dijon mustard...


about the educational system.
And that numbskull has access to immense power and wealth. Her husband's family made billions through pyramid schemes in Amway, and her brother is Erik Prince, the founder of Blackwater (now called Academi)
She knows how to rob public schools of funding to divert tax dollars to private schools though.
That lady knows DICK about the educational system.
Can't have school shootings if you don't have schools.
Keep the grizzlies out!
It's sad to say but it's true and most of that money goes towards things students don't need. I remember my school got a grant and they bought a huge plasma screen T.V. instead of school supplies and books and the saddest part is they never fucking used it. The other issue is the money goes more towards sports rather than education, because you have to be in those newspaper headlines for your team winning rather than the headlines for your math team winning.
I've been trying to keep an eye on this issue as well. Most of the proposed legislation I've been hearing is different. Nowhere have I heard about having schools pay for guns for teachers.(sounds dumb on its face) I have seen it proposed that Sheriffs Offices would be required to provide 40hrs of training, and the cost burden would probably be on them
This is why the idea of "arming teachers" is stupid. Get rid of gun free zone and allow faculty that already conceal carry to carry in school if they choose. Probably add a 1 strike negligence stipulation on that as well.
US currently the second highest spender on public education on earth, per student.
Sounds like that would cost a lot of money for non-administrative positions... I think it's better to treat schools like an assembly line.
It’s a big, multi faceted problem, and all the facets need to be addressed. You can blame bullying, drugs, mental illness, stress, etc but there were bullies, drugs, mental illness and stress when I was in HS back in the 70s (yeah, I’m old) and we didn’t hear about shootings all the time. And honestly, there seems to be more counselors and MH services available in schools now. My HS of 1000 students had 2 full time counselors, and their focus wasn’t on diagnosing potential killers, it was on getting as many kids as possible through HS and into college. A friend’s kid has adhd and has twice a week counseling and special individualized education plans in the public school. That sure as Hell wasn’t an option back in my day.
Was college really as big of a deal back then? The data charts state that the high school to college rate was in the 40% range when it's in the 70% range today.
If I'm not mistaken, isn't this supposed to be about gun violence in general and not just school shootings?
Inner city gun violence is of a much different nature. It has socioeconomic causes. Ending the war on drugs and lifting people out of poverty is the way we address inner city gun violence.
You are not alone. It's a scapegoat so that the government doesn't have to admit that they have failed their citizens by not having universal health care, psychiatric care, and a better education system. By underfunding what is needed for the people, they can add more funding to the excessive military machine where they can fuel war for resources and illegally sell military surplus to the enemy.
Schools can only do so much and sometimes it just boils down to some families being much shittier than others.
Even if someone's home life is shitty having someone like a school counselor with proper psych training can go a long way.
I keep seeing people posting on facebook, reddit, twitter, etc of kids bullying the shit out of other kids.
Are US schools the only ones with bullies?
One girl killed herself in Australia over bullying and it was national news there (and on Reddit) for fucking weeks.
The US is the only country with more guns than people. Keep in mind that guns are a durable good, meaning they last a LONG time. Decades or more. We also have a gun culture unlike the rest of the world. We are incredibly unique in that regard. The ability to own guns is also enshrined in the constitution. Without an amendment, that is the framework that we have to work within.
Like, how about you go to the core of the problem.
Look at the columbine shooters.
America's "Mental Health" problem isn't a mental health problem. It's a culture problem. The people commentate about 'late stage capitalism' aren't kidding, they're very serious. People don't have social circles anymore - some may have a hobby they share with people from all over. Geography means nothing anymore - lots of people don't even know their neighbors. We fail to educate our children on social mores and then when kids are socially isolated instead of having people reach out to them or being forced to socialize in person to have their needs fulfilled, they can dive into bubble filter worlds that don't correlate well with reality itself. And by that I mean, it's possible that someone's worldview can form around perceptions that don't match reality.
They were two mentally ill kids with failed parents who managed to get ahold of firearms
I feel so bad for her every time I see her do a talk or interview. She has had to take on a burden that is much heavier and longer lasting than she deserves. Imagine being afraid of being seen smiling in public because people may judge you for not feeling bad about something that happened. She is a trooper and honestly an inspiration to me because she leans into it rather than running and hiding from it.
The shooters were definitely bullied, I don’t know where you got that idea. They wrote/talked about it themselves, and other students corroborated this fact.
It’s from Dave Cullen, who is totally full of shit and wanted to portray the massacre as how he liked to picture it in his head
In that particular instance you really shouldn't blame the parents. Here's a TedTalk of one of the moms speaking who is anything but a failure. https://youtu.be/7xfyN-yBZ7c
Has Sheriff Israel resigned yet for the failure of his department to flag that asshole after 30 plus instances and warning signs? Have the remaining 3 deputies who sat outside while the shooter racked up his double digit body count been fired or forced to resign? Don't get me wrong, the walk out is a cool way to get attention. But the way I see it, the local police failed tf out of those students and are just letting them pass the blame onto lawmakers and the NRA.
Shhhh
Well, it does as long as the people you're holding accountable are political enemies who aren't actually accountable.
Well, we have a long history of upholding the fact that cops aren't responsible for our safety either. At this point, the first step is ultimately on legislators because cops have ZERO accountability to actually protect anyone.
This is why people want guns for self defense.
Plus it's hard to push your agenda when you let the facts get in the way of the message.
You know who's accountable? The guy who pulled the damn trigger.
He sure is. Along with those that we literally pay to prevent him from doing it, that were alerted to it, and that swept it under the rug to keep their district funding incoming.
It was 40 reports a few by the shooter him self
Shit. And I thought 30 was bad. No wonder nobody was surprised by this kid's actions. He's damn near on a first name basis with the precinct at this point. That's insane.
Yeah, I don't see why we need more laws when he already broke plenty and the police just twiddled their thumbs.
The whole thing is a farce of government failure, so people are demanding more government to fix things.
...and the elimination of civil rights. Let's not forget that!
Want to get even angrier not only will those guys not get punished they'll retire in their 40s or 50s and add any unused time off onto their final salary and collect that paycheck for the next 30+ years of their lives.
But they deserve it! They have dangerous jobs, putting their lives on the li .... oh wait.
I think you may be onto why police officer isn't in the top 10 most dangerous jobs list.
Why is the reaction when the government fails to have the government take away rights?
Because people don't think clearly during moments of high emotion. Which is why the government is quick to chime in and make legislation in times like this. People are easily manipulated into signing away rights for security theater.
No one will probably see this comment, but Sheriff Israel is nothing more than a shitty politician and would never willingly resign. How many people know about Israel partnering with Roger Stone (yes, that Roger Stone) to become the Sheriff?
My school ended up taking it over, so it wasn't student led. Smart move on their part, but it kinda made the point of it null. It's US, the actual students of the school, that should be in a protest, not a teacher and student council led "stand here and look sad for half an hour." We were herded into the football field and surrounded by teachers, then got talked to by the snobby council president and the principals.
So pretty much, a pep rally?
No it's about control. They don't want hundreds of students just leaving campus and saying whatever they want to cameras or anyone who will listen. They wanted to keep everyone on campus and take attention from the more verbally extreme students who the cameras would surely highlight on the news.
I think you're a little misguided.
This. I'm a teacher at a middle school. I completely support the protest and the goal, BUT, it's a damn middle school in a bad area. We can't have these kids on the streets it's extremely unsafe.
You released balloons that end up in the oceans and choke sea turtles to death. Great job.
Thanks for reminding me about the great Cleveland balloon release of 1986. Who knows how many thousands of animals choked to death on those balloons (and it allegedly contributed to the death of two people when the Coast Guard had to suspend a search and rescue operation).
Never heard of it, so decided to look it up.
Nobody pays attention to safe, out of the way, ignorable protests. It's pointless to protest that way.


Probably a good thing if you're teetering on the edge with your attendance. I was expelled for participating in the iraq war protest when I was in highschool. I imagine my life might've gone slightly different had that not happened.
So school safety is a student vs teacher thing?
Or get out of school early...... My sons high school had an after school rally last week for students to discuss gun control and violence. Out of 1200 students, 14 showed up, 14. Though, 3/4 of the school participated in the walk out today. My son said most students went to a local restaurant or their friends houses, rather than the football field to protest.
This. Kids will use any excuse for a walk out, regardless of the cause.
Yeah, if the scenarios are:
Can confirm, am a high school student.
I go to one of the schools participating in this walk out and I can tell you first hand that maybe less than 10% actually care about the issue while to everyone else this is an opportunity to skip school.
Back in high school, there were 2 bomb threats when I was there. The first time it happened, kinda scary but turned out to be nothing. The second time it happened "fuck yeah. Bomb threat, day off." Both times it later turned out the person didn't study for a test and wanted more time.
There's a lot of time to study in jail.
I mean, this was a decade ago... but any time my HS offered up an opportunity for an excused absence with no documentation to back it up - people would pounce on it.
I'd have done the same thing at your age. Enjoy your day off.
It was only 25 minutes in my school.
It was only supposed to be 17 minutes at my school but then they locked the doors and wouldn't let students back in until they forced their way back in. I had just heard about this because I was long gone when those 17 minutes were up.
What? That's crazy
Right? Who would want to get back into school?
Reddit needs a "This site is so fucked up you might as well not open the link" tag.
Everyone who walked out in my school got suspended
I’m currently a high school student. I don’t think guns are the problem. You know what the problem is? The students who didn’t speak up, the police who failed to follow tips given to them, and the school for not recognizing the issue beforehand. They were all given chances to prevent this but none of them did anything. How about we start showing some accountability for what happened instead of trying to ban guns. Imo, if we ban guns people are just going to start finding other means to attack schools and public places. The most bloody attacks at a school were caused by bombings. The problem isn’t guns, it’s insufficient mental aid, negligent authority and peers, and people failing to recognize or choosing to do nothing when there is an issue.
Our school simply threatened students with discipline.
That sounds hilarious and really fun for the students.
By that logic, wouldn’t he be “skipping?”
There is quite literally no form of protest that people won’t find a way to criticize and try to undermine.




They’re free to protest and I encourage it.
I don't understand why people use the term "European style gun control". It really just makes the person using it look ignorant that Europe is not in country, and each one has different laws, history and culture. Some of them even require by law, citizens own a firearm if they have military service.
It makes sense when you consider these gun laws aren't about stopping shootings, but about getting "revenge" on gun owners and conservatives.
This is what happens when the population treats politics like a sporting event.
Concealed carry rates in the U.S. have no correlation to criminal violence. People that think crime is caused by guns are nuts.
Don't forget the falsehood that the NRA is this seemingly all powerful lobby that has every politician in its pocket.
Correct - the NRA's power is less from lobbying and more from having the attention of a group of people who consistently vote in every election.
So the NRA is vilified for getting a group of people out to the polls...? Huh....I though everyone wanted everyone to vote.
Yes, but the aren't getting people to vote the "correct" way on the issue.
Yeah, the NRA spent $5 million on lobbying in 2016 but it was an election year and that was a new high for them.
Guess what kills more people than guns...
laundry list
Not to mention the NRA's political arm is not funded at all by "The gun corporations"
"After a shooting spree, they always want to take the guns away from the people who didn't do it." - William S. Burroughs
Best not to quote William "Wifeshooter" Burroughs, here. He's hardly a poster child for mental health or responsible gun ownership.
Wow i had to look this up. The story is crazy.
And you can't vote if you're a felon.
My school required all students to do the school set up walk out
Then by this time next week they'll be back to cold shouldering that weird kid that everyone picks on
They never stopped.
"Get some fuckin balls kid. If you're this unprepared to deal with others you are going to get eaten alive outside of school"
Mine too. Someone bullying you? Hit them back, and keeping hitting back each time they bully you. At some point they'll leave you alone or move onto someone else.
I did this as a kid and the punishment was very harsh. No tolerance is terrible. Fortunately my parents understood the situation and did not punish me for my actions.
The Gracie Family and Vince Vaughn put a video on YouTube yesterday about this exact phenomenon.
Neither did mine. Then again it was the early 1980s.

Exactly, suicide is the #2 cause of death for age ranges of 12-24. Every day, 3,470 people in that age range will attempt suicide. Mass shootings are simply a symptom of the problem of suicide in this country. http://prp.jasonfoundation.com/facts/youth-suicide-statistics/
I really do think that these maniacs lose a sense of purpose in this life so they go out in the most "impactful" way possible, which is really sad symptom of suicide.
The parkland shooter was the perfect example of this. He was abandoned, then adopted, then his adopted parents died, then he moved into basically a foster home. He shows signs of behavior problems and mental problems, he gets transferred to a different school because of that, then transferred again, then expelled. He starts cutting himself and lashing out for attention, continues to get ignored then commits this heinous act.
I didn't know about that. It's hard to show compassion for someone who killed 17 people, but it is good evidence that this is a result of a crappy system.
Compassion is not the same as forgiveness.
You can show compassion for the situation, but not for the actions. What Mr. Cruz went through was pretty fucking awful and most of the time completely out of his control. He had a complete breakdown that was very much visible over time. What he did was still horrible, he killed innocents and nothing will ever bring them back. However the reactions to further demonize people like him will only lead to more dead kids, co-workers, etc.
That's an interesting point. It could be argued that school shootings are simply a method of suicide taken to the extreme.
That's the exact argument I am making. Full disclaimer, I was bullied relentlessly in middle and high school, not only by students but by teachers as well. Due to this, I was thrown into a deep depression and had suicidal thoughts. Thankfully, my parents were great and ended up moving me to a different school and getting me therapy. Not all parents are like that, some parents just tell you to toughen up (which my parents did tell me, but that was only PART of what they did to help me, not the only thing).
Guns are only part of the issue. Bullying is another. But since bullying is done by a person and shootings are done by a person with a gun, the inanimate object is easier to blame and control rather than the person using it or what caused him to do it.
I’m terribly sorry that your daughter went through this, but I fail to realize how your anecdote relates to today’s events.
Both are responses to a cry for help that went unheard.
Every time there is a school shooting there's always a few students who say they always joked the suspect would shoot up the school.


People used to say that about me and a few other kids throughout middle and highschool.
It seems like the Florida shooter had posted online about all the types of Americans he hated so it wasn't surprising to me that he was a loner. It's wrong that he was bullied and the kids who bullied him should feel bad. But I can't see a future where we require kids to be friends with other kids who hate them.
They've already started forcing kids to hang out together at some schools.
"We need to be loving of all and protect our students so we can avoid another tragedy"
Not so fun fact: the Columbine shooters weren’t bullying victims. They were the bullies, with one being very popular amongst the girls at school and both being fond of calling other boys homophobic slurs.
Going after the scary guns is a hell of a lot easier than changing attitudes. Besides, who cares what 100 million law abiding citizens think?
And his doctor will be back to prescribing him psychiatric meds. And his single parent will be back to feeding him an imbalanced diet. And his school will leave him alone to eat lunch by himself. And he'll shoot up the same school with several 10 round magazines from a rifle with a non-adjustable stock. And then, mercifully, we'll ban flash suppressors.
I didn't walk because I refused to be a part of the "protest" when the school gave us specific guidelines and pretty much everyone was just doing it to get out of class. What a lack of respect.
"In solidarity" doesn't mean much when the administration is canceling classes and organizing the whole thing. Attendance to this thing is mandatory for students. This is bullshit.
We had this 'protest' at our school too. I find it kind of funny that they call it a protest when the school literally changed the schedule so they could do this at the expense of everyone else who doesn't believe in restricting out rights. Specifically, they made our second hour shorter by 17 minutes so that the kids could go out and protest. I got nothing against the protest itself, except the school essentially legitimized it by allowing them to put up posters everywhere supporting it (while taking down the ones against it) and giving the students who left a free pass from their classes. I'm just kind of upset of this (perceived from my end) abuse of power. edit:spelling mistake
Yep, made the 17 minutes the break for our day, taking out the 15 minute break
LOL. sounds exactly like what my school system would have done.
Reach out to the administration to ask why they took down progun rights posters, local news may be interested in the answer.
I'd be interested as well. If the school is going to go as far as letting posters supporting it go up, then it's discriminating to take down ones that argue the opposite point. I would understand if they were being offensive or arguing just to argue, but if the other posters had actual points, why take them down?
Seriously.. CNN, MSNBC and the American left would shit bricks if a rven single school administration allowed anti abortion material to be distributed but censored the pro choice opposition.
That is EXACTLY what happened at my school as well
Our local school and the neighboring school were given flyers that said walk out and spend 17 minutes remembering the 17 who died. Then all the pictures and footage were taken and used by a national news outlet with the headline thousands of students walk out and demand stricter gun laws. The students were manipulated and used.
They took our break out for this and made it so we had to protest at the stadium lmfao, defeats the purpose
Reddit really shows how far apart we are on guns. Literally every thread even remotely about a firearm tail spins into complete chaos. This thread as I type is a complete shit show. It’s really sad because I think we ALL can agree something needs to be done about these shootings but clearly there are two very large divides.
"NRA = Bloodshed" isn't exactly a good dialogue starter.
Much of that chaos is driven by forces encouraging it. Of course people feel strongly on both sides, but there are also paid interests on each side trying to manipulate in different ways. I think if I were DMing any of these Redditors about it the conversation would be much more reasonable.
Ironically, after hearing some of these kids on TV today, there's more fear in them than many of the Afghan and Iraqi kids I met. We're scaring the shit out of our kids. Good job, everyone.
All Viacom cable stations are blacked out right now with a message of support.
gif of this https://i.imgur.com/wbwHLpS.gifv
Nickelodeon cut programming at 10:00 AM in support of the walkouts.
"Thank you for the shared moment of solemnity. MTV will now continue with it's regularly scheduled program - 16 and Pregnant."
lmao I can actually see that
Probably doesn't hurt them because no one watches Nick during school hours.
Yeah, the media isn't in the bag for gun control at all. /s
"Jimmy Kimmel cried during his monologue! THIS IS A CALL TO ACTION!"
Makes sense.


This will be a good educational moment for them. The lesson: protest is ineffective and most people don't care what you think. Political success in present day America requires lots of money and lobbyists. I learned that back in 2003 while protesting the soon to be Iraq quagmire.
Most of these kids are just doing this to get out of class. They don't give a fuck about gun violence.
I want to hear what the students who stayed inside have to say
This was a kind of interesting human interest piece HuffPo did on that topic. It's mostly for all the reasons you'd think.
Most people who stayed inside at my school said it was too cold lol.
I decided not to leave when it turned into a political walk out. I the walkout was suppose to be for awareness, respect, and hope for change. The teachers and administration told us it was not political. But we all knew. I'd say about 700 kids went outside, most of who stayed inside said they were for gun rights or it was too cold out.
Probably that the walkout was a waste of time, hence them not participating...
"Thousands of students rallying in solidarity to end gun violence" My advice would be to look inward. Students are viciously cruel to one another from an early age and getting worse in middle school throughout high school. If we stop gun violence does that mean they will all of a sudden stop bullying, harassing and demeaning others? No, all you did was get used by the anti-gun movement and you didn't solve a root problem.
Maybe if these students were as concerned about the rampant bullying that leads up to many of these school shootings, they wouldn't have to rally about gun violence?
I've heard about it being mandatory/pressured. Faculty requiring it, not student led, it's not a student controlled rally...
I support the idea, but hate the fake aspect of these events occurring. It only gives the opposition ammunition to call it fake because it is.
Worth keeping in mind, many students are reporting that they are being forced by the schools to participate. Younger kids are being forced into without even knowing what the message is.
I remember being that age. You could have taken the entire Constitution if it meant I got to skip school.
In Boston they already had the day off due to snow, they still came out to protest and meet state lawmakers to push for a gun control measure that would make it easier to take guns away from dangerous individuals.
I wonder what the turn out to these protests would be like if they scheduled them on a day that students would usually be free to chill with their friends and have fun
Guess you'll see at the March for Our Lives March 24 (Saturday)

reddit is gonna be pissed


Isn't this already federal law??
































Yes. This has been law for 22 years.
It's actually been part of several laws, at least going back 50 years.
Yes. The Domestic Violence Offender Gun Ban (Lautenberg Amendment) prohibits gun ownership for individuals convicted of misdemeanor domestic violence or who are under a final domestic violence restraining order if the respondent is the current or former spouse, has a child with, or ever lived with the petitioner. However, the enforcement of the law is lax at best and almost completely nonexistent in many states. Secondary markets can easily be used to bypass the NICS background check that should flag offenders and most states have no mechanism for seizing guns from convicted domestic abusers. These issues have impacted the efficacy of the federal law and prompted individual states to come up with their own solutions.
so once again this is an enforcement issue, and does not require a new law. The secondary markets can be used to circumvent every single law we throw at them.
The secondary markets can be used to circumvent every single law we throw at them.
Yes, private sellers should be able to run an easy, quick online background check on anyone who wants to buy a gun from them.
Yes and no. Federal law prohibits firearm possession by a person convicted of a misdemeanor crime of domestic violence. However, it is not always applied rationally. Not that long ago, the Fourth Circuit looked at my state of North Carolina, and defined all of the state domestic violence crimes as falling outside of the federal term "misdemeanor crime of domestic violence." So, in NC, at least, abusers can possess guns and not violate federal law. In cases like that, it would be nice to have stronger state laws to provide an extra layer of protection from crazy judges.
Interesting. Got a source?
Story time.
I thought this was already federal law or am I mistaken?
The study is focusing on restraining orders, not just convictions. The second part of the headline is the only part that pertains to convictions.
And anyway, if you haven't been convicted of any crime, the state shouldn't have the right to infringe on your rights.
This can lead to problems during divorce given that PPOs are so common.




It is
Its been federal law for 22 years.
This is really interesting. Are there currently any states that restrict gun ownership on basis of mental health history? I wonder what similar restrictions would do for rates of suicide.
Federal law states that if you were ever involuntary committed to a mental institution, that you are disqualified from owning a firearm. The specific law covering who can own a gun or not is the Gun Control Act of 1968 (and the portion covering prohibited persons is 18 U.S.C. 922 (d), ).
I actually know people who have been committed but still buy guns mostly because it is super hard to enforce. Privacy laws for medical care make it very hard to check this. It is a law but it is broken all the time and difficult to enforce currently.
Yeah, thats the Federal govt dumping the enforcement of that statute onto the individual states. If a state doesn’t send the proper info to the NICS system, then NICS is gonna give a green light on a prohibited persons gun purchase. Now, there’s supposed to be a way regain your gun rights after ending up on the prohibited list, but I don’t know the details on that process.
Certificate of Relief from Disabilities or Certificate of Good Standing.

The ATF form that you fill out when purchasing or transfering a gun asks you questions about your mental health and if you use drugs including antidepressant (my bad it says DEPRESSANTS) you can read the PDF here ATF Form 4473 but thing about it is the actual background check is of your criminal record. So people can obviously lie and not be caught by the system but in Colorado when medical marajuana became legal people with medical cards could be tracked and were told to either give up pot or give up guns. I'm not sure if it is/was enforced. I only remember it coming up briefly and haven't heard anything else about it since.
Per 18 U.S. Code § 922 - Unlawful acts - "It shall be unlawful for any person— who is an unlawful user of or addicted to any controlled substance (as defined in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802)); (4) has been adjudicated as a mental defective or has been committed to any mental institution"
The problem I see there would be marijuana is a schedule 1 drug federally, so even medical use is prohibited. So federally, you are still breaking the law ever time you use or possess cannabis.
I just filled out that form a few days ago when I bought my new rifle. Technically the people I know have broken the law but like you said it is very hard for a LEO to know that.
It's like 10 years if they get caught.


Er ... No.
This is actually a huge part of the problem. There are many federal laws and many state laws that are enacted and then not properly enforced.
It's a big part of the problem in general in our government. We've become pure ideologues as a society.
The best approach would be to enforce the current laws. Assess to see if they actually work. If they do? Awesome! We did it! If they don't...well...remove them and try again.
There's also the issue of classifying mental illness and what parameters for healthy mental states should be applied. It's a slippery slope from banning a person from owning guns because they don't take their meds for schizophrenia to banning someone with mild depression.
I understand your point but there’s not many people being 302’d for mild depression.
302’d
Yes
Except in Florida people are baker acted for far less.
You typically don't get placed on a mental health hold and be transferred for in patient psychiatric care for mild depression. Typically these patients are an acute damger to themselves, to others or they are unable to meet their daily needs due to their illness
Agreed, but the zealotry to pass anything right now is the type of hysteria that runs amok. I'd truly love to see legislation wait until the CDC produces data.
I agree with you that there is definitely a a palpable feeling that something has to be passed now as an atonement for recent circumstances. But it sounds like there's already some good laws in the book. Maybe we should start heavily enforcing those laws before passing a new law that won't be enforced
I think this is a bad attitude. Something must be passed for the sake of atonement? Nah let's not legislate for feelings.
Did they voluntarily check in? My understanding of involuntary commitment is that it's so difficult it rarely happens. If you did know such people, surely you'd only know one and would say "I actually know a person".
I know both my dad and brother were committed by family members aganist their general wishes. I am not sure if that qualifies or not.
I appreciate the level-headed response. I like to think that no one wants guns in the hands of someone capable of killing innocent people. The way to regulate firearms without infringing upon the rights of responsible gun owners is much more complex than "Yes" or "No".
Amen brother
That comes down to your state enforcing the law.
PDF WARNING
Involuntary committed, if you are responsible and check your self in you can still own a gun legally.
This is a good thing. Because if voluntarily admitting yourself also removed your rights and your guns, nobody would seek help. And that is precisely what we don't want.
It's only difficult to enforce because HIPAA laws make it illegal for the mental health status of a person to be reported for background checks.












Reminds me of that suicidal pilot in Germany who was able to fly purely because his doctors (quite a few of them) could only rely on trusting him to bring his medical report that would stop him from flying to his superiors.
I was involuntarily admitted to a mental hospital in november, courts were never involved, went through the hospitals and my parents, I was released after 6 days and was never adjudicated. Does that disqualify me? Seems unfair if it does.
This is not legal advice, but if you look at the application, I believe it asks you if a legal authority has ever determined you need mental health treatment.
Might not because you're a minor, from the sound of it, but I'm not familiar with that part of the law.
You must be committed to inpatient treatment by a board, court, or other lawful authorities. Family checking you in or checking yourself in doesn’t fall under this.
It's incredibly difficult to involuntarily commit someone to a mental institution or hospital in most states in the U.S.
Maybe in other states, but I work as an emt and have seen 5150's with just the cop writing "I believe this person is a danger to themself", boom 72 hour hold. That is the maximum though, if they get let out before I can't say
Does that count as "committed" or just an involuntary observation? If that counts I am 100% against that law. That would mean any cop could take away anyone's right to bear arms with a note.
It does not. The 5150 (CA) or Baker Act (FL) are only for observation. If after the period of observation, you are determined to be a danger to yourself or others, they can petition the court to have you commited. That involves attorneys, doctors, and the judge. That's where the adjudicated mentally ill comes from. That part is what gets submitted to NCIC, by the court.
that is not the same as being involuntarily committed to a mental institution.
A 72 hour psych hold is different than being put into involuntary psych. A 72 hour hold is supposed to get the person started on treatment and evaluate them for potential hazardous behaviors due to an untreated mental illness. If the person, after those 72 hours is still showing signs of catatonic behavior or other behaviors that deem them unfit to be placed back into society then they will be placed in involuntary psych unit or with a family member who can take care of them. Because there aren’t very many psych units anymore due to taxes being cut and they have found that people with mental illnesses do better with out patient treatment these people are usually placed with a family member who doesn’t really care what happens to them or are suffering from mental illnesses themselves. It is usually only in extreme cases that they are placed in a psych ward or unit. These extreme cases are people with schizophrenia usually who are so out of touch with reality they wouldn’t be the one perpetrating these mass shootings anyway. People who commit mass shootings are generally people who have psychopath personality disorder. Those people have no empathy and no emotion. They don’t see how their actions affect other people nor do they care. These people can also very easily fly under the radar and not be diagnosed as they don’t tend to become suicidal because they have a very inflated ego and sense of self.
Lots of places if you have a DV charge (not even a conviction) is an automatic disqualification from being able to have a license for a firearm.
It's actually a federal law, meaning all U.S. territories have to abide by the the Lautenberg Amendment. This amendment was put into place in 1996 which disqualified Individuals Convicted of a Misdemeanor Crime of Domestic Violence from being able to legally obtain a firearm. Previously the Law was that you had to be convicted of a felony charge or under a domestic violence protective order.
Yep, big deal in the military too. As soon as someone has anything to do with DV they aren't allowed anywhere near the arms room for any reason. There's a copy of the Lautenberg posted in every arms room in the military for that reason
Lots of places if you have a DV charge (not even a conviction) is an automatic disqualification from being able to have a license for a firearm.
A DV conviction is a DQ already due to Lautenberg amendment. That's a federal statute.
Ironically, in some states, due to poorly written laws, if you have a felony DV conviction you can get your gun rights restored, but if it's a misdemeanor DV conviction you can't.
If you have two felony convictions (predicate offenses) and you are simply in possession of a firearm — if someone hands you their gun and you hold it — that itself is a felony with a mandatory minimum ten year sentence.
Read my other response. The feds have taken the position that if you're convicted of a state felony (or more than one state felony) a state court can restore your gun rights and the feds will recognize it.
Also it often a case of it being put intentionally beyond the scope of a particular jurisdiction i.e. states dont enforce fed level laws, so the states although technically obligated to abide federal laws pass state level legislature then turn around to the feds and says "You got a problem with people doing this? Go stop it yourself".
California.
While the Lautenberg Amendment is federal law, enforcement is left entirely to state and local officials, which has resulted in almost nonexistent enforcement. The law also failed to provide a procedure for confiscating guns that abusers already own. Individual states are starting to create their own laws to supplement federal law to more appropriately address the issue.
Enforcement would be as easy as entering the conviction into NICS. Maybe they should step up their game.
Question 11.i of form 4473:
Enforcement would be as easy as entering the conviction into NICS. Maybe they should step up their game.
That would be on the state. I don't think federal law should be overly specific. State's rights and all.

What would the mental health guideline look like? Seems like a back door way of stigmatizing mental health issues.
That's the elephant in the room. Especially since there is no clear link between mental illness and violence.
Thank you for saying this. As a psychiatrist, it drives me mad that my patients are incredibly stigmatized against with all of the gun control law discussion going on. Taking guns away from the mentally ill will not eliminate or prevent mass shootings. Targeting people with mental illness is NOT the answer for legislation to prevent mass shootings.
One other problem is that many many many veterans and other people don't seek out helpful treatment because they don't want to lose their rights. It's a very real and very visible concern for them.
Not entirely true, if I remember. The mentally ill are often victims of violence due to vulnerability... they're just not the ones doing the violence.
That's interesting considering common assumption is that being a diagnoseable psychopath is kind of a prerequisite to committing mass murder.
Yup. And it's quite inaccurate. One study of 235 mass killings found that only 22% of the perpetrators could be considered mentally ill. Overall, mass shootings by people with serious mental illness represent 1% of all gun homicides each year.
Then what malfunction have these people suffered that they can rationalize mass homicide? Intentional disregard for the value of human life is objectively not normal.
Radicalization doesn't require mental illness. All the people who owned slaves or supported Jim Crowe laws weren't unanimously mentally ill.
Radicalization answers that question. It's much easier to do terrible things if you think you're doing it for a righteous cause.
This has always been my view. Correlations (or lack of) with "classical" mental illness (e.g. schizophrenia, depression) are one thing, but I'd argue that a willingness to go out and murder a bunch of people is not a property of a healthy mind.
If you ask for help you can still own guns, if you are held against your will you cannot own guns.
Correct, the law only specifies involuntary commitment or being adjudicated as mentally incompetent to manages one's own affairs. If you see treatment or even voluntarily commit yourself you can still purchase and own firearms.







Suicide rate in Japan is pretty high and they have no firearms.
South Korea has a comparable suicide rate. People there jump off buildings instead of shooting themselves, leading to a high death rate via falling.
Yes, there are laws at both the state and federal level restricting ownership based on mental health.
Sounds to me like what you're saying in all your comments is that we should enforce the laws already on the books. Question 11 of a form 4473 already covers DV convictions. Perhaps we should attempt enforcing the laws we have before adding more laws that won't be properly enforced.
I think the CDC (2016) said about 51% of suicides are by firearm, next biggest is suffocation. So I'm wondering the same thing too. Will rates drop? Or will suicidal people just choose a different method? Or just obtain a gun illegally? (which is pretty easy to get)
Studies conducted on the Australian gun ban saw that it had no impact on the suicide rate.
You remove someone's access to firearms, you may have made it a little more difficult for them to commit suicide, but you haven't removed the thing that made them want to commit suicide in the first place. They're still miserable.
Thank you for this. People don’t realize that for both suicides and murders you need to solve the root of the problem.
The US doesn't have significantly higher rates of suicide than other developed Western nation. The US has a suicide rate of 12.6 per 100k inhabitants per year. The European Union's average is 14.2.
Will rates drop? Or will suicidal people just choose a different method? Or just obtain a gun illegally? (which is pretty easy to get)
Harvard hosts site dedicated to that problem
I mean in general, the more effort a suicide method requires the more likely it is that someone won't go through with it. For instance, when pill companies switched from bottles to this little pop-out packs, pill suicides decrease as the act of popping out individual pills requires more willpower than just downing a bottle. Restricting gun access may not dramatically lower overall suicide attempts, but I imagine it'd lower the number of actual suicide deaths.
Massachusetts makes the chief law enforcement officer in each jurisdiction the ultimate licensing authority. Also, ‘suitability’ is a requirement for a gun license. This means a chief or sheriff can revoke licenses and firearms as long as they can make the argument the gun owner in not suitable. Suicide threats, erratic/violent behavior, and warnings from family members are enough to trigger a revocation. Once the guns are confiscated and the license revoked, the person can go through an appeal process with the court. (Also, any domestic violence is an immediate revocation)
This isnt mental health history it's criminal behaviour history. Violent misdemeanors and domestic abuse are crimes and I'm pretty sure that Most states already restrict gun ownership based on those things as they should.
Anyone convicted of ANY crime of violence involving a domestic partner is prohibited from possessing a firearm.

A restraining order isn’t a criminal conviction
If you haven't been convicted of a crime in a courthouse then the government shouldn't be able to take away your rights.
Gun ownership for domestic abusers is already prohibited by federal law.
The title is intentionally misleading as usual
Many pro 2A people like myself can get behind this- enforcing existing policies. People with a propensity for violence do not make good gun owners.
federal law prohibits owning a firearm for any domestic violence...
Read the article. Federal law allows for state-level enforcement, and only 13 states enforce it.
1980 to 2013
The full text is behind a paywall for me, but some questions that come to mind:
What was the methodology here - time series, looking at intimate partner homicide before/after the law was passed or comparing states with the law to states without the law? Each seems susceptible to bias - in the first case, gun violence is trending down over the period being studied; in the second case, there are confounders relating to differences in demographics and social norms between the states being compared. I would be curious to see how they attempt to control for this.
So they controlled for:
By "control", don't they mean having two groups that are similar overall in those characteristics? I wouldn't think that would negatively impact the study. Also, I'm purely hypothesizing but it's certainly possible that suicides could predict gun ownerships. I have no idea if that's true but funny things like that do tend to happen.
More like they know the impact that x will have on y so they can adjust for x.
The problem is, this becomes a very messy game. Especially as you add in more and more controls. At some point you run the risk of over adjusting your model to the point where it is disconnects from reality.
Legalizing drugs would reduce a lot of gun violence too.
Yep. Some 80% of firearm homicides are gang related. Where do gangs get their money? Illegal drug trade.
States that restrict an item used in crimes, see that item used in crime less, but they still get used in crimes.
It’s actually federal law that if you have a DV charge against you you cannot legally purchase a firearm.

Legislatures have worked tirelessly to write laws to protect the public against crimes committed using a firearm. The problem isn’t the lack of laws, it is the lack of enforcement.
Was it a overall decline or a gun related death decline?


Is PornHub fine with monetizing videos that aren't porn?
last i checked they had a few vinesauce videos up there
Vinny has actually talked about that. Apparently the comments on PornHub are a lot less toxic than on YouTube.
And im not surprised in the slightest
People are more relaxed in Pornhub after finishing work.
Everyone's happy. It's a good place
So pornhub could be the next YouTube?
It could be a hub... for porn... stuff.
That would be hilarious if one day there is almost no pornography on there and it's just the new video streaming site we all use. We tell our grandkids what it use to be and they don't believe us. "You see kids, there was a site called youtube but everyone was really mean to each other in the comments. At pornhub everyone was friendly... And usually naked."
Like a nudist colony?
The more you relax the happier you’ll be
unzips
Less kids
Exactly,you have to be eighteen to watch videos on Pornhub!/s
Well, nobody comes for comments to PornHub, soo..
tfw you actually go to pornhub for the comments
There are dozen of us!
what, have you never read pornhub comments? that shit is one of the best things on the internet.
Xnxx has some gems too
I read that as vsauce and was about to say that's already porn
You are here for porn.
Is your cum the same as my cum?
Hey Vsauce, Michael sauce here
There are bootleg recordings of the Broadway Musical Hamilton on PornHub. I dont think the website is that discerning.
Wait, you....
I did but I just wasn't satisfied.
Says in the article that Ian and Karl aren't seeking monetization from PornHub.
I've seen some old school runescape pk videos on there. People said it was under the rape category but I don't think that actually exists.
Pornhub is like the Wild West of the internet now. Full movies (theatrical not porn) full albums and now gun bloggers.
Not to mention when skrilllex's own youtube channel was given a copywrite strike for uploading scary monster and nice sprites so he put it on pornhub
Wow, now that’s a sign something wrong with their algorithms. Not to mention the whole Elsa-gate weird ass videos too
Actually it works well. It's supposed to flag what the record label's give them. It did that. He just had to contact them to remove the strike.
Yes and no. If you don’t register your own content (or sometimes even if you do) certain groups and people will register it as theirs and claim everything with it, including your own video.
Family Guy used footage from a youtube video in an episode and the original video got flagged for removal after the episode aired.
Especially with nice sprites, it samples another rather viral youtube clip and I wouldn't be surprised if that girl didn't sell the clip to someone who would content id it.
Wouldn't it be funny if everyone switched to pornhub to not have to worry about censorship and wed have to explain why the new 'YouTube" has porn in the name down the line.
Pornhub is a mirror for theatrical movies? Lol.. huh..
Still love the ones where they will take state of the union addresses and title them "Dumb blonde fucks millions at once"
Or the BRA71L highlights titled "German team gangbangs young Brazilians"
My personal favorite are ones like Hot redhead performing super hot solo
that was the Boris Johnson speech after Brexit. Unless this is referring to Trump.
Yep! I was able to watch both acts of Hamilton ("The Founding Fathers get Naughty on the Battlefield" and "The Founding Fathers get Naughty in the Courtroom").
You can also watch it in it's entirety as "Founding Fathers get naughty in the cabinet".
its weird because the internet used to be the wild west of the internet
I want 2005 internet back.
Even 2005 was pretty stiff. You want 2001-2003. Pretty much the kazaa years were the final wild west years. Limewire was okay but not as good.
Now if your g.f. complains about your browser history, you can tell her that you were learning the correct way to polish your pistol and it won't be a metaphor.
polish your pistol
Yes, im going to useqF14P2EE W
me too, thanks
Digitally manipulate your penis for the sole purpose of ejaculation
I prefer to do it in anolog.
anolog
anallog
Mangle the Mauser
wield your Walther
Brandish your Beretta
Cock your Glock
Treat JR like your AR
grease your glock
A title like “Gun blogger unloads explosive shot” will now be a 50/50 as to the real meaning
The "Ammosexual" catagory will show up on Pornhub's home page within a month.
Polyarmory too
/r/gunorporn
firearm or fellatio
/r/FiftyFifty
Step-dad teaches teen daughter how to handle his gear when Moms not around
This gives cum shot a new meaning.
"Gangbang" as well.
Shoot your load.
Polish the rifle
don't forget to properly clean and lubricate it
"This isn't a shooting range"
Then you explain all this bukakke
Ectoplasm. We were shooting ghosts!
That there is not my 12 gauge.
Oy yeah, that's also the reason why I was driven to Pornhub! The only reason!
Duck season! FIRE!
Beaver season!
Yeah ForgottenWeapon should really be an exception regardless policy they are running
Forgotten Weapons should be immune. The ban deals with channels that show weapon modification and FW doesn't do that.
Here is Ian's response from his Patreon:
Ian is a national treasure. Truly does just care about sharing interesting information about firearms without trying to make Youtube millions or getting involved in drama.
Praise Gun Jesus.
Praise be.
I read that entire thing in his voice. He is truly an honest, hard working man who just wants to share his knowledge and passion with everyone.
I would encourage you to contact YouTube
Well if they ever show a magazine on camera that is deemed by youtube to be "high capacity" (more than 30?) then youtube will ban the channel.
I'm at a loss for words
Same. It blows my mind that we have a society that finds it acceptable to censor history and education in the name of ‘safety’.
Do we as a society actually want this though? I don't recall hearing of anyone asking for it and YouTube seems to have done this spontaneously without even input from nations with gun control who all seemed fine with gun videos on the platform.
or links to sites that sell these items
That's close to the same reason reddit banned r/Gundeals ~24 hours ago.
And don't forget they banned r/airsoftmarket too. WHICH AREN'T EVEN REAL GUNS
I was about to ask what would happen to air soft in this new era of ban, guess I have my answer now.
what the fuck, are there posts anywhere about this
Yep, but I don't blame you if you didn't see it 'cause LOOK AT ITS FUCKING SCORE. LOOK AT IT.
Fuck youtube.
fw links to auction houses, they are going to get fucked just as hard as every other one
Here's Karl talking about it ... on pornhub:
https://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=ph5ab1dde1481ab
The ads are 1/3 vids about guns and 2/3 porn.
He shows assembly and disassembly, which is against the new rules
Though I doubt anyone will try and add full auto capability to a recoiless rifle or a ludic space gun
Is that a fucking challenge?
Not necessarily. Showing how to install aftermarket mods is not allowed as per the wording, but simple assembly, disassembly, and mechanical functions shouldn't be. Only time will tell if YouTube uses the stupidly vague wording of the ToS update to shut down 'how to take a gun apart' videos because "people can use it to learn how to install parts even if the videos don't explicitly show it."
It's also odd that they banned videos on how to make ammunition given it's pretty commonplace to do amongst enthusiasts. It's just a cheaper alternative to buying whole rounds
Reddit is doing the same thing.they banned /r/brassswap which was only for trading spent brass.
How to install scopes would be banned under that language.
Exactly. The wording is incredibly vague at best.
the policy in it's entirety is bullshit. fuck youtube.
It makes me sad that they're affected by this (or feel that they should be). That channel is a valuable technological and history resource, and Ian doesn't talk politics (at least as far as I could tell).
Ian doesn't talk politics (at least as far as I could tell).
Fair, yeah - in the instances I've seen, it's really just to explain things like the NFA, or the idea behind certain laws, rather than his own viewpoints. You can tell he makes a really big, genuine effort to keep it on-topic and non-ideological.
Anybody should be an exception tbh, I don't see why YouTube just can't age gate it and call it a day.
Because that doesn't make a political statement.
Now there are guns in my hardcore pornography? Is nothing sacred?!?!?
Bro A: mmm guns...
...Please drink one verification can to continue watching, Do the Dew!
Stuck gun in pornhub search.
Meanwhile there is another guy complaining about all the dudes yapping on about the 2nd amendment while he is trying to find videos of girls using guns as dildos.
Serious question, why doesn't pornhub make a youtube alternative?They have the server space, they have the moderators.
Because it's hard as fuck to make money hosting videos like YouTube.
Even YouTube can't get it straight.
They are working on it via a bait and switch method... bait content creators to make videos and claim you'll give them a cut of the advertiser money... then demonetize everything without explaining why all the while still pushing adds on the viewers.
Seriously, this is the dumbest thing... When they demonetize a channel or a video they still play ads on them, except now only youtube gets the profit. Often they will screw yiu and demonetize at peak release only to remove it later, but after you've already gotten 90% of the views for the vid.
Exactly. The last thing I heard was that Youtube was losing Google money and the only reason it was still around is because it's owned by Google which has the money to take those losses plus billions more. That's the reason there have not been any substitutes to Youtube yet.
We might be witnessing the beginning of something big...
The Canadians are the secret geniuses here. They have the maple syrup market by the nuts, now they are gonna have our nuts by the guns
Because they still cannot compete with youtube. People don't understand how powerful is the youtube/google ad system.
Pretty powerful, but the Pornhub network is no slouch here, we're not talking about some guy with a server in his closet: http://www.ufunk.net/en/insolite/pornhub-statistiques-2016/
I’m going to miss Demolition Ranch.
Yeah. WTF. I didn't know about any of this until this post. Ridiculous.
Subscribe to OffTheRanch, he’s been extra careful about keeping gun stuff off that channel and you’ll be able to hear about any updates there.
When I first got into shooting, I watched a lot of videos on YouTube on how to properly disassemble, clean, and reassemble specific firearms. My wife and I would watch those videos as we would go through and clean our firearms to make sure that we were reassembling them properly. It was an enormously helpful resource to have. Unfortunately, most of those amateur channels have been taken down by YouTube in the recent week on grounds that it promotes gun violence. It’s unfortunate that they seem to be confusing responsible gun culture with gun violence, but it is what it is. I’ve read a few posts about how PornHub seems to be the most accepting of video hosting sites out there for these sorts of instructional videos. It raises the question: with PornHub now having a sizable community of firearms owner flocking there for instructional videos, plus having Bee Movie, Super Bowl LI listed under “humiliation”, and Hamilton in its entirety, how long until PornHub opens a neutrally named sister site like VideoHub to directly compete against YouTube?
It’s unfortunate that they seem to be confusing responsible gun culture with gun violence
Another hamfisted youtube policy hurting people who use the platform properly. Im from the UK so have no horse in this race but its sad to see a blanket ban when someone like you was using youtube to find out how to be safe with your legally owned firearms, the complete opposite of what those kind of videos have been banned for apparently doing.
I think that a lot of people who have never owned or personally been exposed to firearms just see all firearms as being bad and all videos on firearms are part of the culture of gun violence because it contains guns. I understand how they get to that perspective, but it’s pretty ignorant. Gun culture or going to the range with your friends on your day off. It’s teaching your family how to plink targets with a Ruger 10/22. It’s learning how to maintain a Remington 700 for hunting or camping. I think that YouTube seems to to think that that is directly connected with gun violence in America and that by banning pretty much all gun videos they are preventing gang related gun crime or school shootings.
They didn’t because they are making a political and PR motivated statement. They aren’t trying to make sense they are just playing out an agenda. Which sucks, because as you said it looses an area where people can learn to be responsible gun owners.
I don’t think the people who drafted the policy really put that much detailed thought into it.
Ohh yeah. I know a fuckton of YouTubers are looking for a new platform. Like Twitch.
PornHub certainly has the capacity and capability to directly compete with YouTube. They were probably happy just sitting in their own (really big) corner and doing their own thing, but if anything even slightly controversial is going to be culled from YouTube, they may just take the opportunity to compete.
Shit, Ian and Karl made it on BBC News.
How’d he get the name Shit Ian?
Not wearing his gun Jesus attire
You know this might become a thing. Alternative Youtube for taboo-esque stuff. Youtube becoming just a zombie advertising money engine for people with the simplest and most mainstream entertainment preferences.
they've tried that for a while, doesn't work out well because no advertiser is paying you for putting taboo crap on there, you end up requiring users to pay for it (e.g. patreon)
There is a lot of power in simple and mainstream. Ask the bankers.
Yup, it makes shit royally boring too, and is why I really love patreon. It made it really easy for people to do non-advertiser friendly things but still make a living at it, I feel like inevitably youtube is going to have a "paid only" section like a pseudo patreon where you need to buy a subscription to certain artists to view them
I feel like inevitably youtube is going to have a "paid only" section
Sorta, except more like on an individual basis, like you wanna watch jimquisition? you gotta pay him 1 dollar a month
Except patreon is trying to push back against non-mainstream content
Tell that to liveleaks.
GunHub Premium: Watch gun tutorials in full HD and coming soon; VR gun manufacturing!

just a zombie advertising money engine for people with the simplest and most mainstream entertainment preferences.
Youtube is entering the gun debate by strangling the gun debate on Youtube.
They're banning ammunition reloading videos, that's a stereotypical old mans hobby...
It's completely unacceptable that just because it has a gun in it, videos get demonetized. Even gun safety videos. Meanwhile scum like logan paul exist.
Yep. That's why people are joking about moving to PornHub. Pointing out that it's worse what YouTube is doing, compared to being hosted on PornHub.
YouTube banned gun videos? They gonna ban every action movie trailer and video game trailer too? Heaven forbid someone want to actually learn safe gun usage and maintenece.
That’s funny I just watched a Deadpool trailer from YouTube
Youtube doesn't want to fuck with the studio that brought you 27 Dresses.
I am no gun nut nor have I ever held a gun in my hand ever but I like watching videos about them and this censorship sounds stupid.
only thing in there that bothers me is the bit about silencers. Why does everyone think silencers are evil? They save your ears a little bit, increase accuracy marginally, and that's about it. They are courteous and really sounldn't be so villainized.
I think movies did this to us.
I'd say movies had a large influence on nearly all gun legislation.
If you're a hunter with a dog I can see it being useful for the dog's hearing.
YouTube banned gun videos? That's going too far honestly...
"Fap with the right, shot with the left" this will be the new motte for the guns owners in america.
"This is my rifle, this is my gun, this is for fighting, this is for fun!"
oohrah
Cock in the right, cock with the left.


wait wait... youtube gun ban? what the fuck? I mean i get why but that's stupid. There's plenty of good creators like DemolitionRanch that will be fucked over by this... fucking christ, youtube.
Matt was pretty much demonetized already iirc. That’s why he advertises app games and audible.
Reddit did the same thing. Yesterday banned a hell of a lot of gun subreddits
(gun)Jesus is now on pornhub.
No more profesional russian... sigh.
Yeah him and Demo Ranch were just fun to watch.
I wonder if YouTube is taking down all the videos of violent video games (Battlefield, Call of Duty, etc.)?
So we're pushing more stuff underground? What's next, the fast food wars?
Im all for a private companies right to do what they want with their service, but censorship is such a terrible way to push your ideology. backlash will be inevitable, free markets will find a way, and in the end of the day, the people will decide what they think is good on their own
Yeah a private company can do what they want, and I respect that. But imagine if a Muslim terrorist attack happened and YouTube decided to ban a ton of Muslim YouTube videos. Never mind that 99.9% of Muslims are responsible people who wouldn't do such a thing. The backlash would be tremendous
Exactly. people are only cool with this because they happen to agree with the position that youtube took on the issue. They fail to see that it's still censorship and it's still wrong, despite being legal because youtube is a private company.
backlash will be inevitable, free markets will find a way
Um, can you not just use Vimeo?
Vimeo costs and even then you only can upload a certain amount a week. I have pro and I can only upload 5gb per video. My 3 to 5 min videos are usually higher than that so I have tricks go downsize them. My limit per week is 20gb. Don't remember my limit per year. I would be screwed if I uploaded every week. If you stop paying, your videos get erased..
There are other options for content creators, Full30 is a video streaming service that focuses on firearms. I imagine gun channels are doing this to gain visibility.
Full30 is also invite only, therefore not viable for anything large scale like what’s happening.
Is it still? I thought they abandoned that months ago.
afaik vimeo requires moderator approval for every video, its not suitable for bloggers or people who upload daily as a means to make a living.
Many older videos are no longer maintained actively despite containing valuable information. Things like disassembly, repair, etc.
I watch forgotten weapons every night before I go to bed, this is bullshit. And now I have to explain to my girlfriend why I'm on Pornhub right next to her.
Welp time to support pornhub :/ everyone get a premium account.
Gun porn...?
I love ian McCollum, makes me sad that youtube doin this. But to pronhub i go.
Improvise. Adapt. Overcome.
Next week we'll discover that Nutnfancy has had an enterprise level server farm in his fanny-pack for just such an occasion.
Other Subs:
What I don't get is WHY the rise in mass shootings over the past 25 years or so. AR 15s have been around since Vietnam era. Its not easier now to get one than in the past. So what changed? The only thing I can think of is the 15 min of fame we give shooters.
I was thinking about this. And I think it's because bombs have lost their popularity. As someone who grew up int he 80's and 90's bombs were the way mass murders were done. Unabomber, the world trade center bombings, stadium bombings.
I was thinking about this. And I think it's because bombs have lost their popularity.
I too suspect the headlines blarring DEADLIEST SHOOTING EVER and LETS AIR HIS MANIFESTO may have something to do with it
Agreed. Making them temp celebrities only encourages these kind of acts to be copied
News organisations should straight up lie about them
As satisfying as that sounds, I think encouraging Journalists to lie to the general population for "the greater good" is a precedent we might not want to set.

I could so get behind this.
Propaganda is like a slippery slope on K2 - it's steep and is pretty much guaranteed to turn out poorly once let loose.
Just replace all their names with 'another fucking loooooooser'
Good luck getting the media to stop doing that shit. Mass shootings gets their dicks hard.
We need to respond in a way that changes the market. Stop watching the news on those days, I dunno. Protest them until they change their methods. That's really hard to imagine, and is almost a pipe dream. Whether that's true or not we as a people need to act in a way that makes the market and our shitty politicians respond accordingly. Enough of this shit.
I hate that the media uses the words "biggest" "most" "bloodiest". Im not the first to say it but we should be focusing on the heroic stories that stem from these tragedies. The man that sheilded his wife, all the citizens donating blood late at night ect.






I think it's due to the overall degradation of the social fabric and the media-driven radicalization of people against their fellow man.
Just had that very same conversation with my brother yesterday. America has an ANGER problem. There's no agreeing to disagree. An example I always think of is trucks: people who have Chevy trucks always shit on Ford and vice versa - why? Why can't you prefer one thing and shrug at the other? Who gives a fuck.
You can see this in how people respond to a differing opinion. It's devolving into attacking the opposing person, not the opposing ideas. It used to be joking how the different trucks would break down more quickly or whatever. Now? "Ha ha, Ford trucks suck." "Ha ha, Chevy owners are redneck pieces of shit." Things like that. It's far worse with anything political. I rarely see a discussion here that doesn't quickly turn into attacking the people making claims one way or the other.
It's very frustrating. If people could just take 5 FUCKING seconds to consider the other person's upbringing, socioeconomics, where they live and that they quite possibly might have a valid point we'd be in such a better place. I have (I'm not kidding) started complimenting people when they've told me about a position they changed their minds on because it's so rare. Maybe it's always been that rare but we have a closer look at more opinions now.
We haven't been one united country for a very long time
WHY the rise in mass shootings over the past 25 years or so.
Over 1982-2011 in the US, a mass shooting occurred on every 200 days on average. Over 2011-2015, a mass shooting occurred every 64 days on average. So the rate has increased, depending on which timeframes you use to compare.
depending on which timeframes you use to compare.
There are about a 100 million more Americans today than there were in 1982, so that's something to take into consideration too. It doesn't explain the large difference, but it justifies some of it. I think a better measure would be "per year, per capita".
the media, it radicalizes people, it makes them feel like the world is crumbling around them, like there is no hope
"We have a mental health problem disguised as a gun problem" -Joe Rogan
This thread should be civil.
Eh, it's been over a day since our last worst gun massacre in history, so I think we all pretty much forgot about it.
Today we remember the victims of XYZ Tragedy.
I still haven't quite gotten over the Bowling Green massacre.
God...I forgot. How could I forget Bowling Green?
My microwave is still spying on me.
Forgot about what? Dre?

I can't wait for Alex Jones to weigh in on this one.













I actually looked into this. He claims the police shot the suspect, and then found antifa propaganda in his room. That it was a plot to attack "pro-2nd amendment, god-fearing, real patriotic Americans" by the left.
about Australia helping or about the Vegas attack in general?. coz hes already posted about the Vegas attack.
He's already had one of his pay for play seizures over this one.
it's been over a day since our last worst gun massacre in history
https://imgur.com/CT5fNXd
"now is not the time to talk about gun control, a bunch of people just got shot."


Popcorn stocks are going through the roof with everybody watching this spectacular show!
If you want a civil thread you can take it from my cold dead hands!
The guy was a millionaire.....bullet cost wasn’t a problem








Yeah, Australia had a mandatory gun confiscation, where you had to "sell" your gun to the authorities and if you didn't you would be arrested and charged as well as having your gun taken from your home. This would not work in the US, it would probably start a civil war.
How does the government know who had what? There have been decades of sales of long rifle firearms without registration. Those people aren't going to turn in those rifles and its not like people exactly throw away firearms.
Lost all mine in the terrible boating accident. :(
That's unfortunate. Have plenty of friends who lost damn near arsenals in boating accidents. These fucking boats.
When will we learn to stop taking all of our firearms with us on rickety boats?
When the insurance stops paying out
"Boating accident? But you live in the desert?"
That’s odd, so did I!
In my state no firearms are registered. The only paperwork tying them to anyone are the initial background checks, even then I believe that information is only kept for a set amount of time. Private transfers are legal here as well without the need to ensure a background check, so there are likely thousands or tens of thousands of guns in my state that simply couldn't be accounted for.
As someone living in the south... "it would probably definitely start a civil war." FTFY
Fuck that, as someone from rural north, it'd definitely start a civil war, but it wouldn't be north v South. It'd be rural v Urban.
Exactly this, and I think I know which side would be outgunned unless martial law was implemented to enforce it all. Even then, what percentage of the military would obey orders going against the 2nd amendment? I haven't yet met a military or ex-military member who doesn't strongly support it.
Current military. My platoon talks about the "what ifs" all the time.
I like to take the stance that combines a little bit of the Constitution, Abraham Lincoln, and the Declaration of Independence. I swore an oath to protect and defend the Constitution of the USA, but let's be honest the Constitution is just a piece of paper. An important piece of paper and it outlines our rights and liberties, but we are/should be a government by the people for the people and of the people. So if I'm ordered by my superiors, who I also swore to obey the lawful orders of, ordered me to violate the principles found in the Constitution, violating the rights of the people and bring harm to said people. I wouldn't obey on the grounds that it was an illegal order and if I spent the next twenty years in Leavenworth I'd spend it knowing I kept my word.

I live in Los Angeles. Why you gotta put me on the opposing army?
It would absolutely start a civil war.
It would definitely start a civil war, I know at least 20 people in my own family who without a doubt would point their (many, many) guns at DC.
This is so counterproductive to the gun reform debate in the US that it's painful to those actually trying to work out any progress.
On top of that, steps towards the end goal of complete confiscation (like assault weapons bans which are just bans on cosmetic and saftey features that look scary to people who know less than nothing about firearms) always seem to be priority #1 for politicians when gun control comes up. I always hear about some idiot politician trying to ban the AR-15 but never hear about politicians sponsoring background checks unless they're sponsoring a bill that requires the person being checked to pay $200 for the check every time they buy something gun related to institute prohibition in effect.
bans on cosmetic and saftey features that look scary to people who know less than nothing about firearms) always seem to be priority #1 for politicians when gun control comes up.
It's sad, because if she had stopped half way through that, it would have sounded like a good point - someone stopping to reload might present an opportunity to intervene.*
I was definitely listening and going, I mean the reload argument is a logician argument against why high capacity rounds are bad. Then she explained why the ban on the sale or manufacture would work right at the end.... draw dropping wrong.
Don't forget the shoulder thing which goes up.
Ever heard of the infamous Ghost Gun?
Oh god... these people make laws.
You should see them talk about technology legislation.
Also high capacity magazines won't stop a skilled shooter from reloading in a half a second. https://youtu.be/NxzrahUUTi8
Also "Assault Weapon" applies to nearly all modern firearms sold.
Taped a bottle full of 5.56 onto a flint lock.
"all-or-nothing" is a concern I have regarding mental health checks. If it isn't terrorism or racism, then the person must be "crazy", right? But studies have shown that mental health isn't as much of a contributing factor as one might expect in cases of violence. I haven't seen any specific proposals and I'd support background checks (within reason), but I'm worried that individuals with non-threatening mental health issues will be (and are being) lumped together or discriminated against needlessly. If a therapist determines a patient should not own a gun, then they could be a part of the process. But I believe most individuals wouldn't own a gun anyway if they thought having one could be a problem.
You know what else would help. Having pro gun control politicians actually learn about the guns they are trying to ban. Every time a politician talks about "common sense" gun control while trying to tell me that a bayonet lug or some other stupid cosmetic attachment on an AR-15 is ban worthy I just tune them out. Or tries to tell me that if you ban the sale of high capacity magazines the ones in circulation will get "used up". And yes a congresswoman actually said that. I can't take these politicians seriously. Find someone to champion gun control on a federal level that actually knows something. Also 100% right on your comment. Every time Dianne Feinstein starts talking about reasonable restrictions you know that isn't her end game.
"This is a ghost gun. 30 caliber magazine - clip half second" /s
First thing I thought of. What a complete moron. Only was speaking to every non gun owner out there just to scare them.
The worst part is there are some people on the gun control side throwing crap at the wall because they know some of it will stick....
We have to close the gun show loop hole.
Very well said.
That was not how i expected your comment to end
2017s version of don't tread on me... i guess
https://www.google.com/search?q=no+step+on+snek&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwixqrWK8tTWAhVKwGMKHTInB6sQ_AUICigB&biw=1680&bih=944
you should come over to the firearms subreddits. People are getting "no step on snek" on all their gear these days. it's cute.
This is one of my favorites http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/051/611/d28.jpg
dont you dare step on me snek
I really thought some well reasoned reform would be passed post-Sandy Hook. When the proponents of the changes only needed to hit a single to bat in some meaningful changes, they felt the need to include many superfluous restrictions in their bills (like limiting cosmetic items on semi automatic weapons) and tried to "swing for the fences," if you will, and were struck out.






And there's no better example of this than the escalation of more restrictive gun laws in California. First it's "you can't have a magazine with more than 10 rounds", then it's, "you can't have a removable magazine - it must require a tool", then it's "you can't have a removable magazine with a tool, you have to partially disassemble the gun in order to reload."
Its funny, the original California gun control laws were entirely racist. White politicians didn't like when the Black Panthers started open carrying (probably to protect their neighborhoods from racists and racist cops who wouldn't protect them).
And that's why, as a black man who's family had to fight for their gun rights, I refuse to give them up. No matter what.
I learned about these restrictions recently and must admit that they're getting extreme and unreasonable. But regarding this:
That gun violence doesn't go down in placed like Oakland or Chicago where guns are heavily regulated. You don't have to look very hard to see this.
Another problem is the term "commonsense gun reforms". We always hear it from the Democrats, but they can never give us any details as to what it entails.
"We're not coming to confiscate your guns. Its just common sense stuff!"
Fucking thank you, I wish I could put this comment in the face of everyone in the country, because both sides need to understand it.
What a strange quote for the article. What Bishop said was "What we can offer is our experience." And she then goes on to talk about Australian gun laws.
I just want to point out the current political backdrop in Australia, why it has caused the government to say this, and how despicable it is.
There are more guns and people in Texas alone than there has ever been in Australia.
And we aren't handing them over.
we are so deeply saturated with guns in the united states that it is wholly unrealistic to remove them from the streets in any reasonable fashion.
I thought you were exaggerating, so I looked it up.
That's a fairly old estimate. The true number is likely much higher as the industry had a few great years through Obama's presidency and leading into the election. There were ~270 million background checks for gun purchases in the past 20 years, with a significant portion of those just in the past few.

How else do you stop the Canadians from invading?
Your guns are useless against our apologies!
We arent trying to stop you. Have you seen your geese?!
ARE YOU FUCKING SORRY?
Pew Research
No Kenny, it goes "Bang! Bang! Bang!"
The 300 million number has been used for years. Most likely very low. Gun sales have broken records every yea r the last few years

I see a lot of mocking and moral grandstanding, but still have yet to see one question answered:
As an English guy, if the US wants to introduce gun control they cannot expect to do what every other country does and expect it to work the same way.
closing the gun fairs loophole
Holy Cow! A sensible comment on Reddit by a person who realizes countries are different from one another. I never would have guessed it.
I'm no gun fan, but seeing how well the drug war turned out I think a blanket ban in guns would go really well. As a people, when things are banned we just stop using them and obey the law, it's the American way. /s
Shocking to think there is a Vegas level mass murder count (58) in Chicago every single month, mostly by shootings.
Going out on a limb here- What "common sense" gun law would have stopped a retired accountant, multi-millionaire, licensed pilot , senior citizen with a clean record and no history of violence or mental illness from buying a gun?
I'm a liberal in CA, but I'm sick of our gun laws. I have a clean record, but I have to check constantly to see if the law changed my property into a felony for existing ownership. Here's the real issue, under all the fluff- If a weapon is useful for self-defense or civil defense, its good at killing people. That is the bottom line, and you can't mitigate one without the other.
One note. Didn't Australia only confiscate 600,000 guns? While the US has an estimated 300 million?
And those are guns the government knows about. I can promise you that there are guns that the government does not and will not know about. *I'm a gun owner but from a different state.
Lol trust me I know. I am a gun person.
Is that like a normal person, but made out of guns?
Exactly
There are more guns than people in the US. The cat is out of the bag. How exactly would the government confiscate hundreds of millions of guns? The only guns they know for sure who has them are the ones purchased legally by law-abiding citizens. They would be confiscating the wrong guns. The ones owned illegally would be the most difficult to find.
Ghost gun production would explode overnight if the government moved on the 2nd amendment.
Exactly. The technology is easily available to manufacture and it would only turn into the prohibition era again... only with firearms.
Background: First, i do not own a gun, shoot guns, or desire to own a gun. I live in a state where I am certainly not the norm. This post isn't to state my political or social beliefs on the matter. I am a 33yo white male from a completely (and I mean completely) red state.
It comes down to who you think has a responsibility to protect you.


It comes down to who you think has a responsibility to protect you.
It's to protect against liability. You can't make it mandatory for police to commit suicide by going into situations where they do not stand a chance of surviving. You can't expect the police to save every person in every encounter either.
I really appreciate this answer. I live in a very, very rural area but I was born in a large metropolitan area. When I was growing up in a conservative family, we owned guns but rarely ever used them. Now, I own nearly a dozen guns and find myself using at least one on nearly a daily basis, even if it's just to strap my AR-15 to the 4-wheeler in case I see a coyote while I'm out. I can see why people who have "outgrown" the need for guns are calling for absolute bans, but something like this would change my way of life. I would feel quite uncomfortable if I had to rely on someone else for my own safety, even if police were close. I'm a libertarian now, and I'm not afraid to admit that I would never give up my weapons peacefully... There's just too much at stake. We live in troubled times.
I live in the same world you do. My community is a strong farming one where guns are a necessity and in nearly every household. We have no gun violence here. I wish we knew how to own them peacefully as a whole but it seems its all or none on a subject like this because we have proven incapable of living on the middle ground. It is sad. Truely troubled times with the sad part being we have no clue where to go from here.
Many of us have been saying that it's not a gun problem, it's a mental health problem. Having worked in crisis clinics for two years, I absolutely agree. Our staff probably prevented murders, suicides, and rampages... but with the current lack of resources, people slip through the cracks constantly.
It's certainly a big one of many factors but not the only one. I'm sure many have mental illnesses but some just want to watch the world burn and we label that a mental illness because its outside our norm and understanding. Evil has always existed.
Buyback sounds so innocuous. "Oh look honey, the government is offering to buy your guns." But it's not. It's a mandatory buyback. That means you must sell your gun to the government and take whatever the government decides it's worth. Your other option is to become a criminal. The only reason it's even offered as a possibility is because of the fifth amendment protection against taking of property without due process and the second amendment is basically ignored because it's a nice-sounding "buyback," implied voluntary, but explicitly the opposite.
Gun violence in the western hemisphere is almost exclusively an object of the drug trade.
Banning types of firearms is not the answer. Our mental health system is broken and unfunded. Millions of people own weapons and don't bother anyone.
For God sake Australia isn't an authority on anything. We have a population of 24 million, completely different situation, and we're really no better than the rest of the world. As our population grows so do our problems. Watch where we'll be at in 30 years. It'll be fucked just like every other country
It's also ocean locked. That changes the situation pretty significantly. U.S. has two massive borders that can not be monitored 100% of the time.
This is the point that I don't see discussed enough when it comes to comparing Australia's gun policies to the US.
With millions of gang members committing the majority of gun crime.
We have almost as many of them as Australia has citizens.
Ding ding ding
Some people became deeply afraid of firearms. I was on the shooting team in high school but people hear that and give me bug eyes sometimes.
How about help with mental illness reform?
The uncomfortable reality is that sometimes people can go through every single hurdle and still do something terrible. This latest massacre was done by a 64-year old man. Let's say he acquired everything legally.
What gun control would have prevented that, exactly?
The biggest problem I see when politicians stand up to the batting plate with gun reform in their sights is they know jack shit about what their trying to regulate.
how about California State Senator Kevin de León with this eloquent statement on "Ghost guns". “This is a ghost gun. This right here has the ability with a 30-caliber clip to disperse with 30 bullets within half a second. 30 magazine clip within half a second,”
Good luck guys.




The country with not one, but two gun confiscations in recent history, is offering to help "reform" a country with the right enshrined in its constitution? You're giving credence to the "not one step further" crowd, which I'm part of now. Nothing like taking "common sense" steps and taking the "we're totally not banning them" approach from the people who were also totally not banning them, and then banned them. Not to mention I'm not sure how any step taken that's consistent with the U.S. Constitution would have prevented any of this.
It's the Bill of Rights.
Join the live chat on IRC
But they can’t shut down the Logan brothers channels.
They can't touch anyone generating clicks like the Logan brothers. Someone should check how many subs these controversial content creators have. I'll bet my favorite pair of socks that the Logan bros have more than all of them combined.
Let's see those socks
I'm at work for another five hours, but I can snap a pic for ya once I get home if you insist.
Someone is going to count up all of the views long before we see those socks, so it's all for naught.
They are fantastic socks though.
I wanna see 'em.
Your socks. Give them to me.
Look out for the pic at about 1:30am eastern time!
!remindme 6 hours
As the person that originally wanted to see these socks, let me just tell you that these puppies did not disappoint. Presentation: 10, Lighting: 10, Sock Wearablility: 10, Sock Style: 10. Amazing threads right here
Don't you mean the Paul brothers?
Right? I hope they don't shut down FPS Russia, that guy is hilarious.
He still makes videos?
I think he makes way less now. His usual gun supplier that legally owns most of the guns was found dead by "suicide". No investigation, probably not a suicide.
Well TIL FPS Russia still makes videos
He does not make video anymore but he is part of a somewhat popular podcast called PKA (pain killer already). It is pretty funny give it a listen on youtube.
Didn't he get caught with cannabis oil which can be charged as a felony and a felony makes it hella hard to even touch a gun?
Or Demo Ranch his content is very reasonable and his a veterinarian , all around good dude. I fear any mention of AR-15 will mean demonititation.
If you watch offtheranch Matt has mentioned that almost instantly all his uploads to demoranch are automatically demonetized. This why Matt has plugs on most of his current videos and is pushing merchandise.
Let alone the cancer that is Ricegum
YouTube is taking down everybody. Everybody except the guy who filmed a dead body and posted to tens of millions of people.
Logan Paul makes them money :)
That's what I don't get though. They all make money for them.
The content owners for gun channels can't even make money from the ads that are run on them anymore. If YouYube thought they were so problematic for advertisers, you would think they wouldn't run ads on them at all.
A huge factor is Youtube prefers higher viewers PER video as it makes their operational cost much lower and gets much higher profitability. 100 videos with 1,000 views each do not make them money like 1 video with 100,000 views.
All hell's gonna break loose if they take out hickock45
I love hickcock45. There really isn’t anything dangerous about his videos. He’s funny and educational too. I hope he stays on YouTube or at least finds another outlet
He doesn’t ever even seem to finish a video without making a remark about safety. He’s always got barrels downrange, has an entire hill for a backstop, and always tells people to remember their earplugs.
And he sure to think Federal Premium ammo & budsgunshop.com for all their support we know he really appreciates it. Now that's go ahead and try to hit that gong
Eh heh heh heh! Wow somebody's been pot smoking
Dang Kentucky windage
How about a two literrrrr
Forgotten weapons bro
hickock45: gun father
FPSrussia because that motherfucker GHOSTED
What about Dugan? He deleted all his shit
Everybody's internet gun grandpa. I've watched him for years, it'll be an absolute travesty if he gets taken down.
Some two liter rights activists will complain.
R.I.P. Mr. 2 liter
P.E.T.S.A. (People for the Ethical Treatment of Steel Animals) is getting out of hand!
Pot smoking activists?
Hickok45 smokes pots all the time. It's the pot preserving activists he has to worry about.
They have taken him down multiple times in the past
YouTube hates grandpas.
I'm pretty liberal and don't go to the range often but damn is hickock the picture of an idea gun owner. Safe, educational, while still having fun and sharing his passion
Liberal guy here:
I assume MOST gun owners are like him.
E: shoot darn, Reddit gold!
I wish I had a bad ass range in my yard like him.
oh my god they'd better not touch gun peepaw
As soon as I saw this headline I went to check if his channel was still up... he may be safe due to the more educational slant he has, while also straying away from talking politics.
He does politics occasionally. Mostly on his Facebook. He's a HUGE NRA supporter, but he's also against stuff like bump stocks which he finds unnecessary. He also created a Patreon like 3 days ago in response to gun channels being axed, so I think he sees the writing on the wall.
Or demolition ranch.
Matt is such a good guy. He’s a veterinarian too and he loves helping animals with his team. He deserves all the money he makes. Such a good man.
They don't like his vet ranch videos either. They contain blood and gore. They don't seem to care that they are educational.
Luckily Matt from Demolition Ranch has been smart and grew a non gun channel at least as popular as his gun channel.
He's getting hit from both sides.
So people watch videos about an animal surgeon and then get offended when it shows animal surgery? And then they flag it and demonetize or ban it? Sounds about like YouTube, doing everything they can to make their own product as shitty as possible, one high-quality content creator at a time.
Pretty much. Google's refusal to appropriately staff YouTube with real human beings is very much going to bite them in the ass at some point.
Try never, unless amazon opens a YouTube competitor. It's simply not profitable to have a site like YouTube running unless you're getting something else out of it... like user data.
Seems like a pretty good time for a big company to have a serious go at launching a competitor. So much negative press about Youtube lately that they could turn to their favour.
First, though, they need to get content creators on board.
How dare you suggest people take responsibility for their actions!
Man, youtube is just a cesspool.
My mom uploads videos about homesteading, canning, cooking, etc. She has less than 2000 subs (like 1500 or something) so every little bit of money she makes from her channel helps to find more stuff by a small amount. Anyway, she uploaded a video on canning homemade cherry pie filling and it immediately got flagged and demonotized for no reason. She requested it be reviewed but by the time the monotization was added back it was like 3 days later and the bulk of the views she gets had passed.
What a lot of youtubers say they do to get past this is to upload the video but leave it on private for a few days, and if it doesn't get demonitized only then make it public, so they get that initial views and ad revenue which yeah the bulk of it seems to be the first 3 days or so. So tell your mom to try that
That's a really good idea. I'll pass it on to her.
Just so you know this is also how the patreon system gets a little bit of a kick back because with this added new shoe horn system where you block views until you know whether or not you tube is going to crack down you can have your patreon skip that part and just give them the private eyes link
Gotcha. I told her she should also start other revenue streams based on her channel like patreon or t-shirts or something like that. She knows she isn't gonna get rich off her channel but every little bit from it helps since she's on fixed income.
Ann's Mini Homestead News
I often watch channels with that kind of content, do you mind sharing her channel?
Ann's Mini Homestead News
What’s her channel? I love that shit
So basically the news.
2 channels actually, I will feel real bad for him if they shut his channel down. Just a super nice guy doing super cool stuff.
On top of that he is a great example of being safe with guns, even though he does some ridiculous things with them. Banning videos of people being idiots with guns is one thing but let people like him keep making entertaining content that just might teach you a thing or two about gun safety.
I love videos of people doing stupid things with guns.
Are they actually taking down demolition ranch?
It's not listed anywhere in the article and Matt hasn't said anything.
Matt and LunkersTV have commented about how a lot of their videos are being demonitized.
Went to high school with him. He's incredibly smart.
Look at all he's done, he freaking has to be. Three successful Youtube channels, a Vet clinic, he's starting a tshirt business. Dude does more in one Off The Rance video than I do in a month.
Three successful Youtube channels, a Vet clinic, he's starting a tshirt business.
The tshirt biz only works because he has so much to offer.
Shit I didnt even think the likes of demoranch, iraqveteren8888, or hickok45 would be under fire. Are they threatened with being taken down?
Hickok45 lost his channel for a short period last year or so before it was deflagged do to yet another Google "clerical error" on a gun channel. MAC had had private videos taken down, meaning YouTube targeted videos nobody could see. He has had has channel flagged, then de flagged do to a "clerical error", then flagged again this past week alone.
He also has VetRanch but it has other issues, the pansies at YT think the surgery scenes are icky and not cool
If they take his channel down im done with youtube.
He's one of the few people who make me wish I was American. He is the best representation of America as it could be. He works hard doing good work and plays within the rights that America gives him which then entertains people. He's educated and a family man but he still finds time to have fun but he shares it with others.
From my experience every gun owner I have met is like him.
That's the truth. Fucking around on a range isn't tolerated.
He’s the one I’m really worried about. I like his vlog channel, but Demo Ranch was what really got me interested in him.
Texas should hire him to promote gun safety to children.
Here is the type of guy content creator that should be protected. As a liberal who also grew up in gun culture and loves guns I always felt like he was a very neutral and reasonable person. Sure, a joke here and there but nothing too dumb. I hope he makes it.
he mad a post about this a few months ago when one of their vids got demonetized for "promoting violence." They have since uploaded the entire library of episodes to twitch and I think the play is to move their if youtube screws them over.
If there is something that will make conspiracy theorists think they are right, it's shutting down their ability to be wrong.
You're completely right.
Shut him down, boys.
https://media.giphy.com/media/l0HlB7yO7GeHdJIjK/giphy.gif
Bake him away, toys!
Yeah, one of the best arguments against a lot of conspiracy theories is "Dude, if the things you are saying were true, you would not be allowed to keep saying them."
There is an absurd number of actual conspiracies. The term "conspiracy theorist" has been demonized so labeling someone with it instantly discredits them with no effort.
It's worth noting that the Patriot Act confirmed a couple.
Remember operation northwoods?
Back in the 60s the government was real wacky. The CIA was busy roofieing each other with LSD and trying to create exploding Cigars for Castro. The FBI was writing letters to Martin Luther King trying to blackmail him into suicide. The National Guard was shooting protestors. Shit was nuts.
Yeah good thing they're not up to anything like that today, they'd probably be infiltrating discussion boards to control public opinion, or something [ wink ] [ nudge ].
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2011/mar/17/us-spy-operation-social-networks
If anybody thinks that kind of shit isn't still going on today then they're only fooling themselves.
It was actually pushed (not invented) by the CIA to delegitimize discussion of obfuscated government actions.
That's exactly what a conspiracy theorist would say.
Which is exactly what someone from the CIA would say.
Name checks out.
Google Operation Northwoods, Operation Mockingbird and MK Ultra if you think unelected government officials in the CIA don't have evil intentions.
Don’t forget funneling massive amounts of cocaine into low-income and black neighborhoods to fund illegal wars in South America, thereby creating the crack epidemic in the 80s. Gary Webb found the evidence, published it, and was discredited as a “conspiracy nut,” which eventually led to his suicide. Turns out, it was all true.

Had to go make sure Forgotten Weapons is still there; looks untouched thankfully.
I would be so pissed if Forgotten Weapons or InRange get shut down. I watch FW as basically a gun-centric version of Townsends, it's PBS / history channel content-before Hisotry Channel went to shit. Ian makes informative and historically educational videos. Hell on Inrange they even mock the "guns for women" trope and get into the real native american culture / mistreatment. If you start censoring Everyone who enjoys the history and cultural impact of guns you're going to piss off a lot more people than just the alt-right nutjobs.
Ian and Karl: absolutely zero political content. That's why I love it.
Karl prefers Gun Lucifer, by his own words.
Forgotten Weapons is one of my favorite Youtube channels period. I was so mad when a lot of his videos were deleted. I haven't checked out InRange yet, I'll definitely have to.
While it would be a hit for their popularity, InRange uploads videos in various different platforms, they also disabled their ad account on google
I know MAC and 22plinkster have both had posts on their facebook about having to shut down their channels temporarily while Youtube reviewed their stuff.
MAC had the strikes removed yesterday. About an hour ago he sent out another message on patreon that youtube had re-striked the same videos today. This is ridiculous.
That dude speaks about as offensively as a chuch pastor. Google just doesn't like what he's saying.
Well there was that thing last years I think with them needing to blur the Swastikas on thumbnails for 3rd Reich era weapons.
I'm subscribed to a few gun channels and they've been about as apolitical as possible. They either talk about the history of the weapons, or they're reviewed the same way a smartphone is on other channels. Never to they advocate that people should own firearms or for those that do to carry them, what they think firearms should be used for or anything even remotely suggestive.
For now. Pyramydair’s channel was taken down. And they are a store that only make videos about the airguns they sell.
"Updated on 02/28/2018 at 4:18 PM: YouTube now claims that some channels and videos may have been removed in error. "As we work to hire rapidly and ramp up our policy enforcement teams throughout 2018, newer members may misapply some of our policies resulting in mistaken removals," said a YouTube spokeswoman to Bloomberg in an email. "We’re continuing to enforce our existing policies regarding harmful and dangerous content, they have not changed. We’ll reinstate any videos that were removed in error."
Standard operating procedure for Google/Facebook/etc. Do something people won't agree with, then blame it on a bug/error/rogue employee/etc when it looks like the backlash might cut into your profits, and issue a token corporate apology. The key here, though, is to only walk back what you've done slightly (but make a lot of noise and imply you've walked it back entirely), and then try it again after you've conditioned people to accept the current state of things that they were fooled into accepting.
Reddit has been doing this lately.
And all Drug Harm Reduction videos have been taken down. The mass censoring is scary
That is sad. Groups like Bunk Police save lives, and they're always shoved out of plain sight because people say they encourage drug use.
Any educated person knows how important harm minimization is. I'm actually worried about these videos being removed. Youtube should know better.
Drugs were made illegal, and YouTube has removed the videos. Surely people will stop using drugs now!
This is a big one. That is crucial, unbiased, well-researched information (at least looking at channels like PsychedSubstance and YourMateTom) that could potentially save people's lives (or minds). And it's not just hard drugs/taboo drugs either, WeedTubers are being attacked pretty hard as well at the moment.
A majority of gun channels on youtube are hosted by nice people who don't deserve their channels shut down.
Whos the guy that does the old gun videos that you don’t remember much but when you do you binge watch five hours of his videos
Forgotten Weapons?
Nobody was reading the books so they burned the videos..
Under-appreciated comment but this is a serious issue when corporations have de facto control over everything we see. There is no legal process to even prevent it because they aren't the government.
Honestly the closest thing is the Prageru case, which is trying to reinterpret the law to label Youtube as public domain. There is precadent for this in other case's where essentially if you enact as the defacto state. You literally own a town and the roads, opened up as a normal town. Or you open up a park and dedicate it as a public park. That you can be held to federal/state standards and laws
In fact, one could easily argue this should already be the case (and I imagine PragerU is) based on Marsh v. Alabama - a case where a woman was banned from passing out religious pamphlets on the sidewalks of a private company town... sound familiar?
Once all speech has moved to privately owned platforms, having the right to free speech will be effectively useless.
10 years ago, if you would have said the government is recording all your mails, internet searches and messages, you would have been a conspiracy nut...
Does this include demolition ranch?
Also Hickok45, the guy is one of the most informative gun personalities I've ever seen and quite wholesome actually. He plays by the rules and doesn't do anything crazy and seems very level headed. I hope they don't shut him down.
The ironic thing would be that Hickok is a HUGE advocate of gun safety and has made multiple educational videos on gun safety. That and he mentions it in practically every video he does
Lemme get my ears on
My god I hope not. I know he hasn't released a video in a week or so, so hopefully it's nothing to do with this.
The number of people arguing for censorship is a little scary to me.
They are even taking down conspiracy channels that aren't bigoted, don't advocate violence, and don't violate ThemTube's terms of service. Some of these channels are getting strikes on videos that are months or years old. Meanwhile they're trying as hard as they can to ram videos from Dinosaur Media down my throat. They're not trying to get rid of harmful content, they're trying to get rid of dissent.
The adpocalypse should have taught you that YouTube is not the neutral platform that they pretend to be.
Look the machine learning algorithm flagged them, we're still teaching it. It will all get sorted out in due time /s
ThemTube
This is why there needs to be alternatives to these big websites.
Kinda off topic, but related about delays on actions by Youtube.
So basically censor stuff you don’t agree with. How is that right?
Sometimes I feel with the massive share of the market these large media conglomerates have. I feel like maybe Marsh v Alabama needs to apply to them and their actions online.
Maybe it's time we all stop using youtube.
At some point the good content will completely dry up, and then people will stop using it for real.
It's hard to not use GOOGLE. Just try it. See if you can go a week without chrome, gmail, youtube, etc.
I use DuckDuckGo, Firefox (Brave for mobile), ProtonMail, and seldom watch YouTube except for selectively subscribed content, which amounts to like 20 min/week at most. I also use uBlock Origin to prevent google ads from collecting my browsing habits.
With the exception of youtube it's easy.
Youtube is killing itself.
Youtube is NOT losing money every year. This hasn't been true since the introduction of ads before videos.
This is NOT right vs left... as corporate media would like you to believe.
left vs right on this issue is just another divide and conquer tactic, to keep people from unifying and telling youtube to fuck off
I dislike the likes of Alex Jones as much as the next guy. Clearly, these people are complete and utter lunatics for the most part, making money off of gullible idiots who take everything they say for granted.






What's wrong with gun videos.
They're too scary for the people who know absolutely nothing about them
Maybe they can learn about them by watching some educational videos on guns. Oh wait
That'd be counter to their agenda.
War is peace, freedom is slavery.
Didn't you get the memo? Guns are evil, and people who like guns are even more evil.
They're terrorist and child killers, baby eaters, even
Really? They slapped Military Arms Channel with a strike? That's absurd. The channel is nothing but wholesome reviews.
This is not okay. Look, I'm as left as they get, but censoring harmless shit like this is evil and wrong. Fuck this.
Im not left and i agree, its insane that youtube would think their political opinion is better than anyone elses, and to just remove anyone that dissagrees shouldnt be possible. Politics should never affect the free and open internet.
If they touch Colion Noir's videos, we are going to have a really big problem.
The way the title is worded it made me think they were going after gun videos like hikok45s stuff. If conspiracy theories are not promoting violence they are going about it wrong...
Hickok45, 22plinkster, military arms channel, Hank strange, and to a lesser extent iraqveteran8888 are all channels that make gun videos similar to hickok45 and all have received channel strikes. 3 strikes and you're out, Hank stranges's channel was completely removed from YouTube a few days ago but has since been reinstated.
They are. hickock45 has been forced to set up a patreon.
fucking dipshits... and I've noticed that even though I'm subbed to him his channel doesn't show up in my subbed list. It doesn't make sense to go after his channel as he does nothing but promote gun safety and proper standards. If anything he should be a monetized and shown channel because of this.
Pretty sure they are going after Hickok. Eric over at IV8888 said something about him getting a strike on his account.
Hickock45 is still on? Phew... I was worried my favorite Fuddy grandpa was about to be stripped from YouTube.
He's not what most shooters would call a Fudd. He doesn't hunt and he enjoys shooting for the sake of shooting. That's exactly opposite of a Fudd.
I live in Canada, why the fuck should YoTtube remove content that I watch when I have nothing to do with this bullshit in the USA
bullshit in the USA
I just made a video about this... how the world is actually incredibly kind despite what most people think. Got lots of interesting stats and stories. Its on... YouTube :o https://youtu.be/EzyNv9f4XlA
Because when Silicon Valley decides what's moral and what's not, you're supposed to nod in agreement, not complain.
The weirdest thing is 7 years ago I don't think nearly as many people had a problem with FPSRussia, and now channels similar to his "promote violence".
We cannot start censoring people we disagree with simply because we do not like their viewpoint. Because then, the power of censorship will only belong only to the powerful media conglomerates, who will actively censor based on their selfish commercial benefit, and not on principle. Anyway, the primary principle that is worth preserving is that of the First Amendment.
We cannot start censoring people we disagree with simply because we do not like their viewpoint.
The conspiracy theory video conspiracy theory.
Other Subs:
Users often report submissions from this site and ask us to ban it for sensationalized articles. At /r/worldnews, we oppose blanket banning any news source. Readers have a responsibility to be skeptical, check sources, and comment on any flaws.
I've traveled a fair bit, especially around Europe, and Italy is the place I've seen the most "White Power" graffiti. Especially Verona, weirdly.
Hey, italian here. If I had to give you an explanation about the white power thing here in Italy is probably the fact that, even though more than 70 years have passed, many italians are still fascinated by Benito Mussolini. This fascination seems to have had an increase in recent years for various reasons, like the constant influx of migrants from mostly Africa. Furthermore, in Italy we have like 1 or 2 fascist parties (obviously not declerad because it's illegal but everyone knows they're fascist) that push the white power idea. Speaking of Verona, it's a right-wing city (which obviously doesn't mean that everyone is a racist and fascist) so there are probably somewhat more people dedicated to the white power idea












































Fyi, unless you mean the migrants are wealthy, affluence is the wrong word. I suspect you meant influx, which means something coming in.
Sorry, just edited
No worries, you have better english skills than many native speakers.
Haha thanks
I thought Mussolini's fascism was pretty explicitly non-racial? Wasn't that one of the main differences between German National Socialism and Italian fascism?
In a way, when it started it wasn't but when Mussolini started to befriend Hitler things completely changed. Some of the worse laws of those years were introduced in Italy first by Mussolini himself. He wanted to be just like Hitler. We usually joke in Italy of how Mussolini was secretly in love with Hitler. But really, he tried everything to, let's say, impress Hitler. Hell, he was the one that led Italy to war during the 2nd WW to impress Hitler (there are also other reasons obviously) and the german dictator didn't want him to because he didn't need him to win the war
I never got the impression Mussolini and Hitler were friends, and it looked to me that Mussolini got kind of afraid of Germany and Hitler after his visit. What laws did Mussolini introduce, were they racial laws?
About italian racial laws, here's a link to wikipedia (I know, not the best source but it should be helpful anyway): https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Italian_Racial_Laws?wprov=sfla1
It's arguably the other way around. Hitler modeled the Nazi regime after the Italian fascists, wanting to emulate them. Mussolini actually saw Hitler as a copycat and was among the first to oppose him. If anything he reluctantly allied with Germany after being denied alliances with Britain or France.
I don't agree with your analysis. Or, at least, not fully.
Idk why people are obsessed with Mussolini, he was a pretty pathetic leader. 4 WW1 bi-planes that were accidentally discovered on the island of Crete successfully defended the island from the entire Italian airforce. His forces just kept getting crushed by the commonwealth, and hitler eventually considered him more of a liability than an ally. Pretty shit leader.
Not that it's important, but it was actually the island of Malta and the planes were a model that were introduced in 1937
How dumb do you have to be to look at fascists like Mussolini and Hitler getting ground to dust 70 years ago, during a time where they actually had a lot of common support unlike today; and think "yeah we should totally try that again"
Romanticism, and unironically buying into old fascist propaganda about how awesome everything was.
I saw quite a bit in Austria, but heard more xenophobic sentiment in Italy. (Was near the border of the two).
Austria never really went as aggressive as Germany went it came to stomping out a lot of the trappings of Nazism, which was one of many factors that resulted in producing politicians and political parties that went pretty far right and stoked a lot of extreme views with some of it's population; they had plenty of Nazis run for positions and found parties.
From what I understand, Austria is more of a traditionalist society compared to Modern Germany.
I heard so much racist bullshit in Austria holy shit.
Anti black or Asian or pro Aryan stuff?
The first two. Liberal use of the N word (although they more commonly used the term "flat-nose"), joking about how East-Asian women have sideways vaginas, bragging about how, when they were on border control, African detainees would be fed only bananas. That kind of thing.
dont let 4chan find out about that last part.

My least favorite Shakespeare work has got to be “Two White Supremacists of Verona”
“O Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo? Deny thy father and bleach thy face”
"Nay, as they dare, I will [Heil Hitler] at them, which is a disgrace to them, if they bear it." (Heils his Hitler)
I've traveled a fair bit, especially around Europe, and Italy is the place I've seen the most "White Power" graffiti. Especially Verona, weirdly.
Fucking hell, as a black man in Verona I'm scared. Been here for over 10 years and the racism is apparent, makes me sad
That's so weird to me. I've never travelled to europe but my assumption would have been England to be the most 'white power' and I realize that's only because that's the only place I actually hear news from in europe unless it's global/front page reddit material.
Yeah, that language barrier blocks a lot of news.
Yeah erase that perception of England. It's really not white power. Eastern europe is probably the most racist place.
That's what I've found. Worked with a polish guy. He said he'd not seen a black person until moving to the UK. He's not racist by any means but it was a cultural shock. I go skiing every year to Poland (last 6 years anyway) and I've only seen 1 black person and a handful of middle eastern folk.
East Europe and Mediterranean are much bigger on that stuff than the West.
To give some context, this happens after a girl was found cut in pieces inside two luggages in the same city, Macerata. She was killed by a Nigerian immigrant, so this idiot went white power on random black people.
Oh my fucking god, link to the story? (i hope it doesn't include pictures tho)
This is the only English link that was not alt right rubbish
"Nigerian national Innocent Oseghale"





So it looks like a revenge attack, but on black immigrants as a whole.
I'm from the Marche region (Macerata is one of its provinces), and I'm kinda shocked.
"I would have done the same if someone murdered my daughter"
I know, but apparently they cannot put 2 and 2 together; that's why I reported it as a sample comment among many other stupid comments I read today
That's honestly scary. So much hatred in the world.
Yeah, I can defend murder to some extent if you have a personal beef with someone, I can see how circumstances might cause you to take action. But randomly gunning down anyone of a certain skin colour? You don't know these people, they haven't wronged you, they didn't deserve this in the slightest.
It doesn’t look/sound dumb; if anything, I’m saddened by the fact that this type of violence is rearing its ugly head in a place that normally doesn’t have that sort of thing going on. It also doesn’t speak well of some parts of the US where such news isn’t surprising.
I think you overestimate how much we accept racism in the States. Idk what you meant with that last statement, but we would be just as shocked if something like that happened in America.
Same here, i live in the province and this is not something that i expected to ever happen here.
The culprit has been apperehended, he's an Italian man with a shaved head and runic forehead tattoo. He was captured draped in an Italian flag, while performing the fascist salute in front of a monument to the war dead. He seems to have exclusively targeted African-looking people.
I was amazed to see in naples a black baseball bat with Dux Mussolini written on it sold in a newsagent shop window this november
Mussolini is buried in Predappio, which is a town in Northern Italy. The entire town lives off of neo-fascist pilgrimage tourism, openly selling fascist memorabilia, gadgets, clothing etc, here's a screenshot of an Italian google search for "Predappio shops" to give you an idea: https://i.imgur.com/nwr3mp5.jpg
Thats fucked up but I can't help but laugh at the hitler wine.
The Hitler wine is pretty common in Italian tourist shops. I guess many tourists, myself included, buy it as a kind of "what the fuck?" present for friends because nobody likes the usual touristy knick-knacks. Which, again, leads to more Hitler wine because people are buying it.
Seriously, I'd totally give that to someone as a joke.
As a person who lives in the American Deep South I can relate. Too much Confederate garbage being sold.
I wonder how much of it is made in China.
Literally all of it.
Golden Dawn (the infamous greek neo-nazi party) shirts are made in Turkey :P
I'm in Western Canada and there are still Confederate flags all over. I can't figure it out.
There are a lot of ignorant people in Western Canada who would certainly associate Confederate flags with "country" with "old stock Canadians" with "Western Independence". No critical thinking needed, it's just a nice way to identify the idiots.
Dude I saw a company truck that had a Confederate flag as a part of the logo... In BC... It doesn't make any sense.
I'm an American living in Austria, and there's a "Country and Western" store here, filled with Confederate flag everything. They even have a big dreamcatcher sort of thing, and the design in the middle is a bald eagle in front of the Confederate flag.
They even have a big dreamcatcher sort of thing, and the design in the middle is a bald eagle in front of the Confederate flag. Makes me pretty uncomfortable as a black guy.
Right? Like, it makes no sense whatsoever. The only "country and Western" thing about this store is that they also sell good quality leather items like belts, cowboy boots, and knife scabbards.
You were probably down voted by the same assholes that buy that crap.
I’m from the south and wish it didn’t represent such a horrible period. I think it actually is one of the cooler looking flags but I would never fly it with what it represents.
The funny part is that particular flag was never the flag of the Confederate army.
This one was: https://media.istockphoto.com/photos/white-flag-on-clear-blue-sky-picture-id668711398
The real reason they lost the war is they got in trouble for not properly licensing their photos.
Roasted harder than Georgia when Sherman came through.
I always associated it with the Dukes of Hazard and Lynyrd Skynyrd.
The Soviet Union has the coolest national anthem of all time, but i would never support totalitarianism. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U06jlgpMtQs
Vexillology approved, socially deficient.
Somebody should put the picture of Mussolini hanging upside down, where he's buried, to remind the neo-fascists how their role model's life came to an end.
That just will make them consider him a martyr
Like they don't already?
What in the fuck.
After WWII was over communism was on the rise in Italy after years of repression. The USA kept the fascist as allies to counter the rising threat of communism. So they asked the major political forces that remained to pardon the fascists: there was an amnisty that was signed by the leader of the Communist Party. Worst decision ever made if you ask me, it left powerful criminals free. Some of them (Junio Valerio Borghese) later ever tried to organize a coup with USA backing, though the majority were involved in Gladio, the secret sleeping army that was ready for a counter-insurgency.
TIL about the details of the coup.
We never got rid of our fascists. Germany had denazification, we tried a few high-ranking party members and amnistied the rest. A fascist party, MSI, was soon back in Parliament after the war, and it and its heirs remained there to this day. Our football stadiums are so routinely filled with fascist hooligans that it's not even news. Our police forces never got rid of the fascist imprint, and cases of officers being "shockingly discovered" to be major fascists/neonazis are a dime a dozen. Fascist revisionism, especially concerning WWII, has always been pretty big and is now getting more and more legitimate in the mainstream.
Our football stadiums are so routinely filled with fascist hooligans that it's not even news.
Last year they discussed a law about forbidding these sort of things (like those fascists souvenir shop and the fascist salute), and I've read comments of right extremists (both politicians and common people) saying that it's a "fascist way of dealing with it". Ironic.
That's a facepalm moment if there ever was one.
We never got rid of our fascists. Germany had denazification, we tried a few high-ranking party members and amnistied the rest.
It gets even crazier. Mussolini's granddaughter is a right-wing politician and an MEP.
You know what the dumbest part is? That guy with the runic tattoo going around killing black people? The Italian Fascists originally weren't a racial supremacist movement, only adopting the racial laws because Germany essentially forced them to.
How come all the Italian internet assholes are named Luca.
Because like one in twenty italian men are called Luca.
The only one I know is Luca Brasi.
You know the most important one at least.
Am Italian, am named Luca. Can confirm.
Do you guys Luca like?
They live on the second floor.
Upstairs from you?
Yes, I think you've seen them before.
When I disappear it is clear I am up to no gooood.
Honestly racism in Italy is wide spread I’m football fan and racism to black players is unreal. Im not Italian but big fan of Ac Milan since I was young in 2012 I went to Barcelona to watch second leg between Milan and Barcelona I sat with Italian fans and the racism to Ning Milan player was unreal every time he touched the ball and he was playing for their team just because he missed a chance early on.
I once met an Italian football fan who saw me and shouted the name of some black Italian footballer. I'm American so I had no clue what was going on, but he claimed I looked like him. I checked it out later and we look nothing, absolutely nothing alike, lol. So, that's my contribution to this conversation about Italian football and black people.
I'm from Argentina and a few years ago it wasn't unusual to hear people call every senegalese immigrant they crossed paths with Obama.
That's not far from how the Chinese gave Lucian, a black League of Legends champ, the nickname of Obama.
If you dye his skin red and give him horns he kinda looks like a traditional depiction of Satan...
Why do racists have to ruin norse culture...?
Here in Italy we keep being told that "fascism is just a buzzword to shut down debate"
Can someone translate the info with the photos in the green square?
It's a screenshot of the twitter account for the Corridonia section of Lega Nord. The post is giving a time and location for the presentation of the party's candidates to the city elections, whose photos are in the picture. Traini is in the bottom-right, shaved head.
He was captured draped in an Italian flag, while performing the fascist salute in front of a monument to the war dead
The mayor of Macerata, located about 125 miles (200km) east of Rome, said a "person who sowed panic in our city" was captured after locals were told to stay inside for their own safety.
Italian kids are at school on a Saturday? Poor bambinis!
Yeah but you get out between noon and 2 every day. Shorter days but more days. It also allows for more skipped days. Most high schools allow 40 unexcused absences before you get held back.
That actually sounds great, the kid isn't burnt out from sitting somewhere for 10 hours, might learn a bit better.
I think they don’t start until 9am also. My Italian cousins went to high school with my American cousins for a day and said it was a joke compared to their learning back home. In Italy they had 4 hours of Italian a week, 3 of English, and 2-3 hours of French. They start English and French in kindergarten and continue it all through school. The only reason Italians aren’t better English speakers is because everything is dubbed into Italian. I visited Sweden this past summer, and everyone is fluent in English and almost all speak with an American accent because nothing there is dubbed except movies for kids too young to read.
So that's why all europeans know like five languages by the age of ten woah
Yeah, not in Italy though. The average italian student can barely hold a basic conversation in english and has awful pronounciation.
That's quite exaggerated. Most speak their native language and English, sometimes a third one.
Wonderful insightful comment but I think he was being a bit hyperbolic. You being just fluent in English, a second language, is relatively amazing to an American. Because most of us only know some remedial Spanish from middle/high school.
Bambini is already plural, bambino is singular. You don't need the "s"
Not surprising. Unlike Germany, Italy has a very complicated history with dealing with its legacy of fascism
When I visited Italy 7 years ago Mussolini wasn't exactly God status but people still acted like he was good for Italy. Besides aligning with Hitler did Mussolini or other Italian fascists commit other actrocities? They don't really teach you much in American schools.
Yes against Ethiopia, but no one here knows or cares.
TIL Italy had concentration camps for Jews in Croatia. Its crazy I thought the Nazis were the sole cuntbags.
Fascist Italy was as scary a place to be for Jews and ethnic minorities during WW2 as Germany. It doesn't get as much attention because the terrible atrocities committed in Germany garnered far more attention, and rightfully so.
there were also mass shooting of Slavs in Croatia and Slovenia. I'm Italian and it's common to believe that foibe (a mass dumping of italian people, both dead and alive into natural holes in the ground) that happened near the end of WW2 by Yugoslavian soldiers were acts of cruelty for no reason at all. Although they were cruel, the forgotten part is that they happened because people from Slovenia and Croatia were damn pissed for the violence that italian soldiers and institution did to their people. In Slovenia they had a say during the war "Italians are worse than germans"
Rightfully so, but Germany's atrocities shouldn't completely disregard Italy's.
Very true! Forgetting or ignoring history is a great way to end up repeating it.
Get ready then...
What the fuck? Why aren't we thought this shit in school? I can literally tell you all about how the Blueshirts were sent home embarrassingly from Spain and how cunty the Nazis were during WW2, but I've never even heard of these guys.
You should read about the Japanese at that time then. They took it to a whole new level
Oh yeah, I know a lot about Japan actually. Reading about Unit 731 sickened me.
Croatia had concentration camps for Jews, Serbs and Gypsies. See Wikipedia
Damn, the Croats were cunts too along with Italy and Germany. Who else is there?
There have been concentration camps and ghettos from what today is Estonia all the way down to Serbia. They had more than 20,000 camps for transportation, deportation, labor and execution. In early November 1942 the Third Reich stretched from Norway to North Africa and from France to the Russian border. Absolutely insane.
Poland operated concentration camps after ww2. In one famous case the camp commander was a jew and when Poland gained independence from the USSR they tried to prosecute him because under his rule over a thousand Germans died in that camp but he fled to Israel and until his death Israel refused to extradict him to Poland for a proper trial in court. Afaik he died in 2006
Poland operated concentration camps after ww2.
A big part of Ukraine and Bulgaria.
Pretty much all of Europe. There are dicks everywhere.
Italian atrocities were pretty much ignored during WWII, since they were committed against peoples no one cared about (Albanians, Greeks, Libyans, Croats), were far smaller in number than Germany's, and Italians were far less unified behind Mussolini in the first place.
Against Croats? They were uneasy allies because Itallians controlled most of southern croatia. Itallians saved good number of Serbs from being killed by Croat Nazis. Where I come from Itallian soldiers are considered unwilling occupiers who saved us from Ustasha (Croat) massacres.
Whats funny also is Mussolini actually didn't find Hitler all that appealing.
Yes, as other commenters mentioned, colonial wars and massacres were done.
Our fascists always found a way to spin it as "we were good guys, then we got in bed with those evil germans and we made a couple mistakes". Lots of nostalgics around, especially lately.
Yeeee, we Italians finally made to Reddit front-page sarcasm sigh
Well the leader of Lega Nord just said: "the person responsible is who opened up the border to the clandestine immigrants" http://www.corriere.it/elezioni-2018/notizie/sparatoria-macerata-salvini-l-invasione-migranti-porta-scontro-sociale-1e043e02-08e7-11e8-8b93-b872f63dbb4d.shtml
You can't go around shooting blacks if there are no blacks...


I hope the victims pull through. One is apparently in critical condition.
Africa is the continent that is growing the most population wise in the world... They are most likely going to be the new immigrants of Western Europe and USA of the future... Because of this, rightwing/nationalist, anti-immigration leaders will start becoming more prevelant
I am sure the perp was just emotionally disturbed and needs thoughts and prayers.

I thought the Lautenberg Amendment already did this on a federal level?
It does, this expands that a bit.
came here thinking "I thought shit like this should be enforced a long time ago"
Now people just have to actually do the paperwork. And that always happens.
Glances at US Air Force...
Then enforce the paperwork properly
Specifically, it closes the "boyfriend loophole" by expanding the group of people who can be prohibited for owning a gun if they get a restraining order:
In Texas domestic violence is covered by any one you have ever lived with under the same roof, that includes vehicles dorms, hotels motels and residences.... catch up Oregon.
aren't restraining orders constantly abused?
In some cases yes- if you have a really vindictive boyfriend/girlfriend or spouse they can abuse it.
Violating a restraining order especially if you’ve been abusive towards the person filing one should be enough to put out a warrant for your arrest.
I’m with you, #fuckTony
My ex pulled a gun on me before they left. They were still on the lease, so I couldn't legally keep them out. I got a restraining order for two reasons. One - to allow the prop management company to take them off the lease. Two - the restraining order restricted them from coming within 30' of me or the house, so that any subsequent use of lethal force in self-defense on my part would have a better chance of being cleared in a court of law.
In the past 8 years I've represented both Petitioners and Respondents in approximately 40 requests for domestic violence restraining orders, and sitting in court I've witnessed the arguments in hundreds more. I've seen several that were an abuse of the process - and almost all of these were an abuser bringing a counter claim to pressure the victim into dropping her (and it's 95% a her) claim or otherwise limiting it.
Yes, but it has so many loopholes as to be completely ineffective.
It only covers beating your parents or wife. Almost all other types are excluded.
They don't have a better source because the prohibition is much wider than they state.
This is false, as every reference in the law is either spouse or intimate partner, and "[g]enerally, the federal law recognizes an intimate partner as a spouse, a former spouse, a person who shares a child in common with the victim, or a person who cohabits or has cohabited with the victim." Cohabitation would be a live-in partner, not partners who live apart. The federal defintion of DV also doesn't cover family members living in the same house, as they're not partners of the abuser.
It covers children, step children and girlfriends. This was the issue with the texas church shooting, he was in violation but someone didn't update the NICS system.
That someone was the Air Force upon his dishonorable discharge.
What's obviously needed here is more regulations that can also not be used when appropriate.










That is likely because what counts as a domestic abuser varies by state.
Neighbors shouldn't be counted in domestics. You don't live with them, that's the entire point of the word domestic. Otherwise it is a regular assault, or battery depending on the state. That would become a murky issue real quick. Neighbors only next door, or by X distance, or the entire neighborhood, those covered by the same HOA, etc. Suddenly you have the possibility of getting into a drunken fight at a bar with someone and it counts as a domestic.

That the definitions of domestic violence should include a wider range of assault that should clearly be considered domestic violence. Like why would child abuse, beating your girlfriend, or assault on your relatives
it doesn't count if the crime wasn't defined specifically as domestic violence.
I've been seeing a lot of people online repeat this lately and it's simply not true at all. Any DV charge will get you blacklisted on NICS.
I've been seeing a lot of people online repeat this lately
It only covers beating your parents or wife.
It's clear the person you're replying to is upset that the law doesn't permanently restrict gun sales to anybody accused of DV even absent a conviction.
Man, I already don't like the fact that restraining orders can get your guns confiscated. That's the case here in CA. My neighbor is a bit of a collector and had over 100 guns. Out shit HOA fucked up his paperwork, he went in and told them that it needed to be fixed after months of phone calls. They got angry and filed a restraining order against him.
I think getting into a fight with your neighbor shouldn't be considered domestic violence. And getting into a fight with your drunk uncle who you invited over isn't domestic violence, either.
Yeah but this isn't an either or thing. If there are certain charges filed and you are convicted for violence against your neighbor or drunk uncle that's a totally different thing. It's not that you call the cops on your neighbors and now they can't have guns, or you called the police because uncle Bob was a drunken violent mess. You or the arresting officer would have to file charges and that would then have to have a conviction.
It does buy they dont know the gun laws currently on the books or enforce them.
Wouldn't that preclude a lot of police officers from owning guns?
There's actually a line in the bill specifically exempting police officers.











































Just like every gun control bill.
It's not really DV when a cop does it, it's just "the stress of the job".
That's literally what people are saying in this thread. It's unbelievable.
"the poor cops are so stressed out that they need to beat their wives"
"the poor criminals are so stressed out that they have to commit crime"
These people flood /r/baltimore all the time to make excuses for cops who have been proven to plant evidence, steal, and sometimes kill children. But oh well... it's just a few bad apples. Apparently if we actually hold them accountable it demoralizes the police so they don't do their job.

Because their union is strong and lobbies for it's members to get exemptions.
I'd rather they exempt domestic abusers from being police officers.
Perfect. Now all we need is a bill that prevents domestic abusers to become cops.
Laws for thee, not for me.
Oh of-fucking-course there is.
I thought police were required to beat their spouses?
Common misconception! Police actually do have the option to not beat their wives.
The option is there, why not take advantage of it tbh
Someone's never making captain.
I do not like this. Police should not be exempt.
Why aren't domestic abusers banned from the police to begin with?
Because wife beaters have a lot of practice beating helpless people, important skill to have when you are a cop it seems
Why aren't domestic abusers banned from the police to begin with?
As for where to draw the line, I'd say "Anywhere that means the person can pretty safely be trusted with public authority"
Well, one approach would be to require the sentence to cross a certain threshold (e.g. here in Germany you typically don't get a record if the sentence is not above three months), but in the end the issue is still about what people will do and not what they have already done.
That sounds cool, keep it tied to judicial records. And exactly, in that case we still have officers who are on active duty and are under investigation, like, if you don't know if someone is guilty of misconduct, I get innocent until proven guilty, but does that really have to apply to roles of authority? There are NFL players who get worse punishment than misconductive cops. We also have gypsy cops who have careers of abusing power across the country.
have fun trying to fire a cop. unions will protect their ass to the bitter end. once the cop is dead they don't care about them or their family. Police unions are the reason bad cops are in the force.
police unions
If a police officer has a domestic abuse charge they should neither own a gun nor should they hold the office of police officer
That assumes they get charged for it and convicted.
It should. But it doesn’t. Because long blue line or something
You can’t even be in corrections with domestic violence history.
If you actually read the studies, they are of questionable merit. The claims also vary significantly across the 2 studies.
There's a difference between domestic violence and being convicted of domestic violence.
And we're supposed to give up our guns because the police will protect us...
I am going to go out on a limb here and guess the law exempts police officers?
Sadly, yes. Don't you know the slogan? "Blue wives don't matter."
Fuck, dude. That was brutal, and perfect.
Did you make that up? I've never heard that but it's hilarious. Sad but hilarious.
You live up to your name good sir
Does it also exempt them from the ban for guns owned privately, outside whatever they are issued for their job? I'm not in favor of anyone who is an abuser being trusted with the responsibility that comes with gun ownership.
Most bans on civilians exempt police for personal use, not just professional.
Jesus Christ. You're right.
I would laugh but this is painfully true.
ITT: the same 3 people arguing with themselves over and over.
I never check the names.
It's honestly like that in most threads
Neither do I
Is there any point to checking the names?
I guess if you want to make sure people aren't replying to themselves
You should've replied to yourself just now. Would've really driven the point home.
I agree.
That’s what you want us to believe.
I don't want to scroll through pages of drama, what's the arguments about?
Guns r bad vs Muh rights
Probably one of my favorite arguments on reddit. It's right up there with circumcision.
Really? I wouldn't think the latter would make the cut.
I don't see very many pro-circumcision arguments on Reddit.
Better one is
Something about the gun argument makes people more obnoxious. Not dumber exactly, just even less enjoyable to talk to.
Well, uh, to be fair, if you have to chase after a criminal, and then sit in your car for 7 hours straight, you'll beat your wife, actually.
Remember your /s. People take everything literally around here
My aunt's husband was a cop in NYC from like the 70s-90s. He beat her but he also beat up kids who jumped the turnstile in the subway. I don't think it was boredom for him I think he was just an ass hole
Want a free pass to beat people up? Become a cop.
Chicago sun times reporter already was denied because of a domestic abuse charge.
Chicago sun times reporter already was denied because of a domestic abuse charge
I'll cheer only once they start holding police officers to the same standard. The law should apply to everyone, not just people who don't work for the government.
Military already kicks out all domestic abusers. Don't know why police are exempt.
Meanwhile Washington state house is making it so that citizens can't find things out about their representatives.
How so?
If I may be so bold: this is perhaps because Washington state is massively corrupt and consistently goes against the best interest of the public?

That is adding a law to a law that already exists. It is right on the FLL for to purchase a fire arm- line 34. Have you every been convicted in any court of the misdemeanor crime of domestic violence.
FLL for to purchase a fire arm
Note this doesn't include the nutjob neighbor.... The restraining order must be active. That is an important factor, also. Judges are notorious for the 30 day order then, when the original wasn't violated, the order is dropped. Going deeper into how restraining orders work, the cops are not required to recognize a violation, and the often don't take reports for whatever reason they come up with.
Note this doesn't include the nutjob neighbor.... The restraining order must be active. That is an important factor, also. Judges are notorious for the 30 day order then, when the original wasn't violated, the order is dropped. Going deeper into how restraining orders work, the cops are not required to recognize a violation, and the often don't take reports for whatever reason they come up with.
Line 34 is the seller's name

Unless you're a cop, in which case not only do you get to keep your gun but also exert authority over others.
When the subject of gun control pops ups inevitably somebody will say people with a mental illness should not be allow guns.
Except if you're a cop
Sounds great. We can even call it
Does Oregon practice the Duluth model?
Does this go for cops too?
nope! Cops can beat their wives, their kids, the public, their dicks all day long! They get a free pass.
beating your own dick shall never be punished when done in private.
One reason why these bills have a hard time passing is because they are opposed quite strongly by police.
This was already the law NATIONWIDE. There is literally no point in this.
Ive bought 181 guns in my life, and ever single time I had to fill out paperwork asking many questions about past convictions. There's a question that specifically asks if you've been convicted of domestic violence. Lying on that form is an immediate felony. These policies already exist.
Ive bought 181 guns in my life
If you sell/trade the guns on afterward then you can buy loads without a huge amount of money, assuming you buy for a similar price you sell.
Guns hold resale value like crazy and lots of people don't realize how easy it is to buy a gun online and ship it to an FFL. It's easy if you follow the 3-step process:
You forgot all the steps about being friends with your ffl so you don't lose all your money in transfer fees.
The real pro tip is always in the comments
And registering for a FFL yourself because buying guns to sell them again for a profit without a dealer's license is illegal.
These policies already exist.
Gotcha. More of a loophole-closing bill instead of brand new legislation.
Serious question, though I live in another state.
Damn I had just assumed that committing violence or threatening violence automatically prevented you from owning a gun.
It already does at a federal level.
As a gun owner there needs to be more emphasis on laws like this and also more complete background checks.
The law already exists at the Federal Level though, and this bill still won't stop a domestic abuser from buying a gun.
Absolutely agree. And actually prosecuting people that lie on background checks would help too.
Wouldn't it be great if the Federal government actually enforced the current laws? lol.
mental health records to the NICS system
I think that HIPPA laws have a clause about an individual being a danger to themselves or others, in which case reporting things isn't a violation of their rights through HIPPA, I'm not entirely sure though.
that is correct if you tell your therapist you want to kill someone then they can and should report you without repercussion on themselves.
Not only can and should, will be prosecuted for not.
I agree on the complete background check, I honestly think it should be deeper....BUT (always that but, ya' know) that is a two way street. It requires local and state agencies to be part of the solution and get their data integrated. It also requires it be done in a timely fashion.
There are laws on the books for this already.
Lautenberg amendment
In my opinion we should hold the parents just as responsible as the kids. Maybe that will get them off their ass and do some actual parenting. Keeping tabs on your kids should be common sense. I think everyone's on the same page about treating mental illness which is obviously the culprit in all of these shootings. Calling for more bans won't do shit. The "assault weapons" ban during Columbine didn't do jack shit. It's a people issue not the guns.
That's fine and dandy so long as they also ban the people making false claims of domestic abuse.

Florida is a very pro gun state. They helped lead the nationwide revolution for "shall issue" concealed carry permits.
What’s with 21 being the magical age for everything in America?
18 and you still have a friend circle that consists of 15-18 year olds while at 21 you have been out of that circle long enough that most of your peers have likely also moved out of the high school phase of life.
Most developmental psyc folks believe the human brain is still developing into the early twenties.. I don’t feel like citing anything so you’ll just have to take my word for it...
I’ve heard this too
With the legalization of marijuana in Canada doctors were suggesting an age of 25.
Wow hadn’t heard about that... if 25 is considered an adult our militaries would be screwed.
This goes back to u/toledomosquito's comment. 25 is the age when your brain is fully developed. So, yeah, the military would totally be screwed, because they wouldn't be able to take advantage of kids anymore.
What a disgrace not being able to send soldiers to fight in Afghanistan who aren't even old enough to drink /s
I'd say that's logical thinking. You're less likely to experience peer pressure at an older age where as you worry about how it'll make you look if you don't give in at a younger age. Still doesn't mean there isn't immature people that are older.
People hold the logically inconsistent belief that at age 18 you can sign a contract, make your own decisions about your healthcare, consent to sex, join the military and risk your life, take on hundreds of thousands of dollars in college debt, consent to informed use of nicotine products, and have an informed opinion about choosing or nations leaders, but are too immature to own a revolver or be trusted with a brewski. Either you are an adult and empowered with all the perks and responsible for all the consequences of adulthood or you are not. Whatever we decide that age cutoff to be, everything should be consistent.
Except being in the army to go off and kill. You can be 18 for that. But so help you God, you have to be 21 for a beer after.
Maybe they should raise the age for military as well. Like you can only enlist for the reserves until you are at least 21 or something. I wonder what the impact would be.
Drastically lower enlistment rates as they wouldn't be able to target kids graduating high school, which is when most of my peers in the armed forces joined
It would also weaken the GI bill incentives pretty sharply.
The infantry would become the adultery.
The number of non college bound individuals with nothing else going on goes up.
As an American it seems to be the age in America that you really start being an adult and not just a kid trying to figure it out.
I'd stop going to bars of they were full of 18 year olds.
They may be a few months shy of proper, but if they're in 'ere, it stops them getting into trouble out there.
Could also be when the doctors said the brain is developed enough to really be a mental adult and to handle alcohol.
As an American it seems to be the age in America that you really start being an adult and not just a kid trying to figure it out.
And now the lawsuits are going to happen. This isn't going away folks. This is just getting started. There were a TON of things that went wrong, beside the guy having a gun.
Don’t forget the lawsuit that’ll be against the school, police, and city about the officer at the school who didn’t do his job during the shooting.
Not saying this is the way it should be but the current precedent set by the Supreme Court says that a police officer has no special duty to protect anyone and therefore any lawsuit will most likely side with the police, school and city
Not saying this is the way it should be but the current precedent set by the Supreme Court says that a police officer has no special duty to protect anyone and therefore any lawsuit will most likely side with the police, school and city
Security theater.
No doubt, who wants to die, because that's their job.
I know in my case, the odds of actually dying are ridiculously slim. And that's the case with most of us in the military. Anymore, thanks to modern medicine and advancements in protective measures, dying is statistically rare. So most of us just pretend it's not going to happen, and if we do get in the situation, our training kicks in
Yeah I served in the Navy. Was pretty sure nothing was gonna kill me.
If 2017 taught me anything, it's that cargo ships are the greatest threat to the US Navy.
Have you been to a U. S. Navy dentist yet?
No shit. I'm in right now. I'm on subs. Had a couple of moments where the pucker factor was maximum, but yeah- 98% of the time, the risk of dying is negligible.
Oooh, what moments?
I gotta disagree with you there, even with modern medicine dying is statistically certain. Upwards of 99% of people die
Look up the video “Why the police won’t protect you when you’re getting stabbed” on YouTube. Basically there was a serial stabber in the nyc subway system attacking people in front of a cop who was specifically sent out to find the stabber and the cop didn’t do anything to stop him but was found not guilty of any charges because of the decision I was referring to. It’s kinda crazy that it’s the way our system works but from a legal standpoint the cops at the school didn’t really do anything wrong
Cops. There were two of them with guns and they still just stood idly by.
... the cops at the school didn’t really do anything wrong. Probably more accurate is “the cops at the school didn’t really do anything illegal.”
Actually, yeah. That is why the cop is there.
They don't hire school police to deal with school shooting. That is no where close to EXACTLY why they hired him.
why was he hired? To protect their valuable “Permanant Records”?
Police do not protect you. Police protect the state.
The HR of life
Fucking Reddit horseshit right here.
Primarily to bring authority to the teachers, help with conflict resolution, etc. Everyone acts like SROs are there to protect the kids, and then when guards are brought up, people complain we're turning schools into prison. Which is it?
I think the civil suit will more be aimed at the numerous incidents that law enforcement could have arrested him
Constitutionally, the officer is not required to protect people by default, but is required to attempt to stop a crime in progress. This isn't about whether he should have tried to save lives, which is a vague concept, legally. This is about whether he should have gone in and attempted to stop the active shooter, which was an obvious crime in progress.
4 fucking minutes that coward hid. even hid when backup came. and now hes going to retire and we get to foot the bill. fuck that POS
I agree. He panicked while probably hoping that it would be over before anyone told him to do his job.
Well there's a law against shooting people, and his duty is to enforce it. So failing to uphold the duties assigned?
It would, and maybe this could be the case that reverses the decision that they don’t have a duty to protect.
Creating a duty to protect is a dangerous precedent itself though. If the police have a duty to protect, then theoretically any time they fail, you can sue them. Even if you limit it to specialized cases (such as restraining orders), this still means that unless they're perfect, the police will be sued for millions of dollars a year.
Many states say that if an officer orders you to help them catch a criminal you can be charged. But they themselves have no duty to you. What a fucking world we live in when the civilians have more of a duty to catch criminals than the police.
What's funny is that the Governor wants a cop in every public school even though this was just proven to be a complete fucking failure.
But he was expelled...
The school policies that allowed him to still go to school despite his problems
Yes; I don't think this person knows just how easy it is to simply walk into a public school. Or maybe that's what they're saying needs to change.


Most schools I've seen lately have a single entry with cameras and you have to be buzzed in.
Dunno, all the public schools I went to here in Florida had nothing more than cameras (not actively monitored) and 1-2 campus cops that merely observed. If you look even remotely like a student you'd have no problem simply walking through the front with all the other students
I don't see how local police "weren't able to do anything." I think it's more that they just didn't. Someone posted an article on how they were getting funding for not arresting or charging highschoolers with crimes in Broward.
Yup: https://mobile.twitter.com/TheLastRefuge2/status/966854507744374784
It’s recently came out that a local municipal pd is at odds with the sheriff cause when there officers arrived, there were 4 deputy’s waiting outside, and the municipal officers ended up entering.
Yup, and Broward was held up as a model for reducing teenage incarceration
Local cowardly department not intervening when he was committing the slaughter is a big one.
Infuriatingly police have no duty to protect specifically. So you can't sue them over failure to perform.
[t]he duty to provide public services is owed to the public at large, and, absent a special relationship between the police and an individual, no specific legal duty exists.


So does this mean that US males don't have to register for the Selective Service until 21?
Honestly they could just lower the drinking age to 18 and raise guns and cigarettes to 21 and the teens would be thrilled
It’s already 21 for cigarettes where I live (suffolk county, NY).
The irony is alcohol kills way more people than guns
Not with that attitude
I would just like to know when women in the same age category will be required to sign up for the Selective Service.
Never forget: Rick Scott perpetrated the biggest case of Medicare fraud in Florida history.
This.
Like, dude, just take your tainted money and kindly fuck off. You've done us enough harm. I'm hoping that he will get owned in the current environment, especially in our purple state.
He’s eyeing a run on Congress
Let’s make sure he doesn’t get the opportunity to even get that far.
He’s going to run for senate. The 2018 florida senate election is against the incumbent (D) Bill Nelson.
I live in Florida, I’m a teacher, I’m at the MSD benefit right now (can verify if need be mods), a friend of mine is a teacher at MSD, I lived less than 5 miles from the school, I know alumni personally.
Fuck Rick Scott. The guy has never done shit for recreational fisherman. Fuck his bullshit fishing laws for regular people.
I fish in Florida, but very casually. Can you be more specific on what you mean?
Its not a joke. Every year this guy has fucked over recreational fisherman. He promises better support and better regulations for our gulf of Mexico fisheries for rec fisherman, and lies every single year. He support commercial fisherman that our out there pulling fucking stringers of reef fish up by they hundreds. Just so they sell it in fish markets and restaurants. Mean while the people who actually live on the coast have so many laws on us for fishing the gulf. I live here and actually put time and effort into our precious gulf so that future generations of fisherman can enjoy it like i have gotten to. But fuck me, instead they give the rights to the commercial fisherman just so they can make a dollar.
And not even a complete skeleton, he’s missing a spine
Can you source this? Not arguing, just a recent Michigan-to-Florida transplant who hadn't heard anything about this before.
He is a snake - http://www.politifact.com/florida/statements/2014/mar/03/florida-democratic-party/rick-scott-rick-scott-oversaw-largest-medicare-fra/ and on his wikipedia.
http://www.politifact.com/florida/statements/2014/mar/03/florida-democratic-party/rick-scott-rick-scott-oversaw-largest-medicare-fra/
What the fuck is the point of being considered an "adult" at 18 if you can't smoke weed (in legal states), can't drink alcohol, can't rent a car, and can't buy a gun?
And porn
Nah they just voted to declare that a public health crisis lol. Florida.... whatcha gonna do.
A lot if porn is made in Miami. Florida legislature is dumb.
Have I got news for you
I meant you could DO porn, not view it.
I waited 18 years to click “yes I am an adult”. Don’t know if I could have held out another 3.
In the state of Florida, you need to be 18 to buy a gun, 21 for a handgun.
250 murders a year with shotguns.
Most of those handgun deaths are gangs and suicide. Both of which may have negligible impact from a complete ban.
I have presented this arguement to multiple people in the last week and the general response is "Oh..... Oh wow."
He was given help. The problem is he's high enough functioning to not warrant taking any of his rights away.
how many mass shootings were carried out with a handgun? Honest question.
His point is that mass shootings are shocking, but they make a small percentage of murders. So banning rifles would make people feel safer, but it wouldn't actually make them safer. And in fact, if a mass killer doesn't have a rifle, he will use a pistol or a bomb or a car (as they did in Europe).
Irrelevant to the point you are making but it is not illegal to rent a car at 18. Albeit most company won't rent you one under 25 but that's their choice. Other will charge you rediculous fees for being a young driver.
Just and FYI for any random person that reads this. If you work for a big ass company and you go through your corporate discounts website, you can usually get that fee waived on top of whatever corporate discount.
I read in WaPo that Rick Scott only proposed raising the age to purchase rifles but even that seems off because it sounds like him and Trump align on it being just semi-auto rifles. Then WaPo goes on to talk about shotguns included in the proposed measure. Why is no news org able to clarify his position? Here is the part of the USA today article that just confuses things more:


only thing you can do is vote
Youre being purposefully obtuse. Yes, voting is an extremely important right, but the sentiment is that for 99% of the time you are not voting, you are effectively not a true adult since most things are restricted until 3 years later.
At this point we should just make 21 the age to be an adult. No smoking, drinking, voting, joining military, or buying a gun.
Then you also can't sign contracts or get a job without parental approval. Can't sign your own lease, can't start your own business, can't get a loan, open your own bank account...
Agreed. It opens a very large can of worms.


I think his point is pick one. Either you are legally an adult, or you aren’t. A little bit of this, and a little bit of that is bullshit.
If that is their point I disagree with it. Why have the arbitrary limit that you must be one age to do everything? Why not keep things contextual and say "Well an 18 year old is probably responsible enough to do x and y but z is going to have to wait until they're 21"?
Well, you don't want excessive drinking negatively impacting brain development which doesn't peak until 25. However, banning drinking until 21 isn't the best approach. Taking away the rebellious aspect and changing the culture of drinking from binge to casual or food pairing would probably be more effective.
This guy European drinking cultures
Why not keep things contextual and say "Well an 18 year old is probably responsible enough to do x and y but z is going to have to wait until they're 21"?
Ok so one potential solution here is to raise the legal age to buy a gun to 21. A nonsensical solution would be raising the gun buying age, voting age, driving age, and age of consent to 21 at the same time because of symmetry.
So be a real country and bump it back down to 18 or 19 like it used to be for most things.
No no. The only things you're allowed to do at 18 is stuff that helps corporations or makes rich people richer. Like smoking and joining the military. They make money for the right people. Marijuana? Nah dude, doesn't make enough money for the right people. Alcohol? Insurance companies don't wanna deal with you potentially driving drunk and costing them more money.
Voting was the only thing I looked forward to at 18.
How anticlimactic was it afterwards?
Or how about make 18 the legal age of everything. When you are an adult, YOU ARE AN ADULT!
Some people are saying adolescence lasts until age 24 now.
But that doesn't necessarily mean an "adolescent" is not competent enough to be allowed to do or be held accountable for X. Adulthood is a social and legal construct that is binary, while actual developmental maturity is a gradual process. Making the age of majority very high is just as arbitrary and harmful as making it very low.
Legal age of consent though?

Well that's one way to send a lot of people to jail...
It's not like US was running out of them tho...
nope, no sex either, or marriage. The people in this thread are pushing to treat anyone under 21 as children. That would also mean you can't sign contracts including student loans, car loans, credit cards, driving, etc.
Uh, the driving age and the age of consent is 16 in most of the US, if you didn't know.
I'm not trying to necessarily agree with this person's argument, but I think what he's trying to say is an adult can make their own decision about buying a firearm, therefore if they make the age to purchase a firearm 21 they should also make the age to make all other adult decisions at 21.
I really don't see how owning a gun is directly correlated to voting. And I don't think that is what you're saying but this has come up many times here...
If the government sets the precedent that each constitutional right can have a different age limit, prepare to see all of them violated.
The Constitution already specifies different ages when various rights apply (voting, running for office, etc), so this sort of disparity was baked in from the beginning.
Damn, I can almost feel the kneejerking
18 to shoot for your country.
Your dad or uncle can give or lend you a rifle and take you hunting at 12, even though you can't buy your own rifle at a gun store until 18 (21 if Florida changes it)
Why should someone legally be an adult without access to the same rights that an adult has?
He's also pushing for extra funding to mental health and school security, and opposes arming teachers. Edit: also supports a bump stock ban since federal action on that front is too slow/won't happen, but no assault weapons ban



but no assault weapons ban
"But theyre banning ____"
What most people these days call "assault rifles" are in fact just normal black rifles.
Look at HB 219 that is effectively dead/was not heard last week. While they didn't call them "assault rifles" they did say "assault weapon" which included almost every rifle, handgun, and shotgun ever (there are few exceptions).
Assault weapon is ridiculous. That term could be used for anything.
It was a term that was made up in the 90s because it sounded scary. As you mention though, it could mean anything. If I hit you with a baseball bat, the bat is a weapon that I've assaulted you with. It's an assault weapon now.
Cerakote and we're good to go I guess.
FDE all the things

It's because they're black isn't it?
You joke, but I didn't think this was a thing until a roommate my husband and I were living with absolutely lost their shit, just sobbing and freaking out, because the gun my husband had just bought (and checked was okay to buy over and over with said roommate) had a black plastic stock and not a wooden "grandfatherly" stock. Like that somehow made it less lethal? I was absolutely floored.
Did you just laugh at them? That's rediculous.


I hope you mocked them incessantly. What an idiot.
My sister did that when I told her I bought an AR15 after Sandy Hook. Like, the first gun anyone in my extended family ever bought. LOL.
But you can go die in Iraq at 18.
Gotta be 21 to smoke or buy a gun.
21 to smoke?
Yeah, some states have been gradually increasing the age to buy cigarettes. Frankly I think it should all be tied to the age of majority. If you think people are too young to smoke or drink, then they should also be too young to vote, enter political office, sign up for the military, sign a contract, etc. I want consistency.
This guy ran for office with open carry as one of his platform points. He got a lot of votes from pro-2A people just because of that position, and then he made a 180 on it as soon as he got into office.
I can agree with needing to be 21 to own a handgun, but I do have a problem with needing to be 21 to own ANY gun, if you are old enough to vote, then you are of age to reap the benefits of your constitutional rights.
In fact, last I checked, Constitutional rights did not have an age limit in either direction, with the exception of the voting age, and even that just sets the maximum voting age at 18. As far as I'm concerned, the Second Amendment also applies.
raise the voting and military age to 21
Well voting would require an amendment.
Yeah it's very common from young guys out of high school to go into the military right away then get training they can use when they are out of the service.
Exactly. Honestly I'd have to see stats on how often that actually works out the way we'd like it to, but I recall a time before American went in to "forever war" mode when the military was seen as a way for lower income/opportunity men and women to secure training and collegiate education.
I just got out of the Marines about a year ago and it's still the case for many people. Anecdotal of course, but I knew a ton of guys who came from low-income or low opportunity backgrounds who found stability in the military, or used their training to get good jobs after their enlistment, or they're getting paid to go to college courtesy of the GI bill. It doesn't work for everybody, but it's a good option for lots of folks.
The only reason I was in the Navy was because it was a means to an end in order to be able to afford college. About 1/3 to 1/2 of the other guys I was with in boot-camp were there for the same reason.
I tutor quite a few veterans who hoped in to college right out of military. It's a big factor for a lot of people.
However, military service seems like an important vehicle for social/economic mobility.
I'd support that 100%.
Sounds good. Plenty of behind the scenes jobs that don't require combat zones for people under 21. Hell, the majority are like that.


Many people join the military for the GI Bill. Raising the age to 21 would be a barrier to this.
Raising the military age to 21 would never happen as recruitment is already too difficult.
Congratulations you have just oppressed the lower middle class by further empowering the older generations (who are more likely to be more wealthy) and shutting down one of the best vehicles for upward financial mobility among the lower middle class.
Post high school graduation seems to me to be the best time for people to join the military. It just so happens that in the US that age is usually 18, whereas in countries such as Germany people are usually 19 (and males are mostly required to do one year of military service at that point).
constitutional rights
Only when it’s convenient to their political agenda.
Rights aren't rights if you can take em' away.
Exactly this they can vote at 18, we can put a rifle in their hands and send them over to Iraq or Afghanistan to get blown up when they're 18 but we don't trust them to own a rifle on their own? I don't see how this could survive constitutional challenge a right delayed is a right denied
An argument could go that the 18-year-olds getting handed rifles and sent off to 'war' are trained more thoroughly than those who go to a gun dealer and buy one.
Like drinking? Or running for public office? Or legally being an adult?
So are you an adult at 18 or not? Maybe some other rights can be age limited too, like that one that arise out of penumbras and emanations.
Just a hypocrite politician acting like hes "doing something"
If we ask 18 year olds to die for this country they should be able to buy a gun
Weird how in Canada, a 12 year old can purchase ammunition. 12! With a minors licence. And 18 to go all out.
But you only need to be 18 to kill a man for your country with one!
Well, thanks for responding to the kids by blaming the kids for the violence! We all know it's only people under 21 who are responsible for these shootings. And if you're 19 and you have to defend yourself with a handgun, now the proposition from the right is, fuck you, sorry! You don't get the same right to defend yourself. This is one of the laziest excuses for Republican gun control I've ever seen.
But at 18 we are still happy to draft you and hand you a rocket launcher. Hooray for tiered levels of rights!
/r/politics is the subreddit for current and explicitly political U.S. news.
As a reminder, this subreddit is for civil discussion.
"So, you have all these really rich people, and a man, about 80 years old - very wealthy man, a lot of people didn't like him - he fell off the stage. So what happens is, this guy falls off right on his face, hits his head, and I thought he died. And you know what I did? I said, 'Oh my God, that's disgusting,' and I turned away. I couldn't, you know, he was right in front of me and I turned away. I didn't want to touch him. He's bleeding all over the place, I felt terrible. You know, beautiful marble floor, didn't look like it. It changed colour. Became very red. And you have this poor guy, 80 years old, laying on the floor unconscious, and all the rich people are turning away What happens is, these 10 Marines from the back of the room. They come running forward, they grab him, they put the blood all over the place—it's all over their uniforms—they're taking it, they're swiping [it], they ran him out, they created a stretcher. They call it a human stretcher, where they put their arms out with, like, five guys on each side. I was saying, 'Get that blood cleaned up! It's disgusting!' The next day, I forgot to call [the man] to say he's OK. It's just not my thing."
You know, beautiful marble floor, didn't look like it. It changed colour. Became very red. And you have this poor guy, 80 years old, laying on the floor unconscious
It changed colour. Became very red.
The explanation is that he's fucking stupid.
You know, I think you might be onto something.
"Not my thing" to have any compassion. We know.
"5.) I Hear You"
And Christians voted for this asshole.
Trump voting Christians are some of the most horrible people I have ever met. They hate the poor, social safety nets, injured veterans, Europeans, Africans, Mexicans, Muslims, atheists, universities, university professors, climate scientists, environmentalists, animal rights activists, feminists, homosexuals, transsexuals, green energy sources, diplomacy, and providing healthcare for those who can't afford it.
If there really is a singular antichrist figure, which based on what I know of the oldest versions of Revelations we have I SERIOUSLY doubt, they would absolutely be the first people in line for the mark of the beast.
Isn't the antichrist supposed to be a mockery of the principles Christ actually preached about and lived by?
Have any of his fans commented on this, publicly? I'd love to hear them try to justify this one.
"Are you saying you have never scene something gross in a movie and had to look away? Maybe you should just go be the best surgeon in the world if you can look at blood. Trump probably knew the Marines in the back of the room would help so 4D chess."
He really said that?
https://soundcloud.com/thedailybeastpodcast/howard-stern-interviews-donald-trump-july-16-2008
r/iamverybadass
Lol first thing I thought of. Nobody is more badass than the badass talking about what he hypothetically would've done in a dangerous situation. I think 80% of people who support arming teachers think so b/c they daydream that's what they would've done if they had been there.
It figures that you hear so many people who have actually been in combat or actually have military training coming out against it. For example, my dad is a Trump supporter and a veteran and he thinks that giving teachers guns is an absolutely moronic idea that will get kids shot.
Oh it absolutely will. Not to mention just having more guns around just increases accidental shootings exponentially, people don't know how they OR large groups of children/teens will react in that situation when you toss a gun into the mix. I've seen grown men break under pressure and they're a safety hazard, not an asset.
Philando Castille was a black teacher who was caught with a licensed firearm. Needless to say that he was shot and killed by police when he reached for his ID
And the NRA didn't make a peep.
"Don't worry about the NRA,” Trump told the governors. ”They're on our side.”
But who versus? Who are we doing it versus?
Whose face are we shoving this in?
I feel like this is an Always Sunny reference but I can't put my finger on the episode.
The Nightman Cometh
American children obviously.
That might be the most troubling line in this article.
I'm so tired of him saying that he's going to unite the country and then immediately turning around and making it an us versus them situation. Every day he's spouting off crap about "the dems". This is (one of the many reasons) why us liberal snowflakes can't just suck it up and accept what's going on. That's the last thing Trump wants us to do.
Those bone spurs would have kept him back though.
Draft dodger declares himself to have heroic courage...like an onion article but real
It's not surprising Ted Nugent is such a big fan of Trump.
Given that self loathing and projection are cornerstones of the right wing agenda, it's not at all surprising!
No Kidding, the hypocrisy of Trump is ridiculous, the double standards of his candidacy. Classic example https://twitter.com/DestinyJ9999/status/968157134755061760
In a Bojack Horseman episode they ban all guns because all women started buying them. That episode was some delicious social satire about “thoughts and prayers”.
Which was inspired by the Mulford Act: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mulford_Act
Both Republicans and Democrats in California supported increased gun control. Governor Ronald Reagan was present when the protesters arrived and later commented that he saw "no reason why on the street today a citizen should be carrying loaded weapons" and that guns were a "ridiculous way to solve problems that have to be solved among people of good will." In a later press conference, Reagan added that the Mulford Act "would work no hardship on the honest citizen."
Message from the NRA
This actually shook up a pro-gun conservative friend of mine. Took everything I had not point out how racist that made him look.
Don't hold back from calling out racists.
fucking gold

Trump is turning into Kim Jong Il.
I like how they held themselves back when saying he could talk at 8 weeks, but he shot 38-under par his first time picking up a club.
In the right hands, bone spurs can be lethal weapons.
In the right foot, they can get you out of a war. Wait, or was it the left foot? I guess we'll never know:
My first thought!!! He's a bully, a braggart, the drunk at the end of the bar. The weight of his constant lying and prevarication hollows out any sense of validity to his constant self aggrandizement. He's as fake as his hair and complexion.
Says the guy who ran away from an elderly bleeding man.
He refuses to visit the troops in war zones.
He wouldn’t even go to war with a gun.
Mother fucker is afraid to hold press conferences or even visit countries unless he's guaranteed a warm reception.
I had to look this up. Damn, Donny is savage.





































I didn’t want to touch him… he’s bleeding all over the place, I felt terrible. You know, beautiful marble floor, didn’t look like it. It changed color. Became very red.
Sixty million Amerikans voted for this douchebag. Holy shit.
Donald Trump is literally every villain from biblical parables. It's so gut-wrenching that evangelicals fall all over themselves to support him.
Ahem...
Or the rally in Dayton, Ohio where some guy rushed the podium and Trump looked like he shit himself.
When you wear diapers, they let you do that.
Grab 'em by the Huggies
Trump - the real George Costanza.
...and donald bravely facing off with a bird
There is great symbolism there.
Can somebody photoshop Robert Mueller's head on that bird? That would be fun.
Foreshadowing.
Also says the guy who needed a golf cart at G7
Says the guy who also dodged Vietnam.
That’s probably why he said would have “run in”, by the time he gets there the shooter is out of bullets and gone/dead.
Clearly fake news. People with bone spurs can't run.
This is the best answer. Donnie avoided the draft.. you think he's going to do shit in a fight but throw the nearest body in front of him, while he runs away? Hey look, I just summarized Trumps entire strategy!
Also: the man is afraid of stairs.
I'd run in, if it's not up or down stairs or my bone spurs are acting up. The guy who gets winded when he has to walk a 100 feet everybody....
“So what happens is, this guy falls off right on his face, hits his head, and I thought he died. And you know what I did? I said, ‘Oh my God, that’s disgusting,’ and I turned away,” said Trump. “I couldn’t, you know, he was right in front of me and I turned away. I didn’t want to touch him… he’s bleeding all over the place, I felt terrible. You know, beautiful marble floor, didn’t look like it. It changed color. Became very red. And you have this poor guy, 80 years old, laying on the floor unconscious, and all the rich people are turning away. ‘Oh my God! This is terrible! This is disgusting!’ and you know, they’re turning away. Nobody wants to help the guy. His wife is screaming—she’s sitting right next to him, and she’s screaming.”
Cadet bone spurs? Yeah he’s the yugest pussy ever, one of those ted nuggent shit yourself cause war is scary guys and then years later talk about how tough they are. He had his chances to run into plenty of gunfire but he claimed bone spurs and will always be a wimp.
You mean this guy, FUCK YOU TRUMP
I cannot believe anyone actually buys this man's bullshit.
And yet... Did you see the footage from the CPAC conference ? It's mind boggling.
I don't know what I am listening to right now but he is on about how we need to bring back old fashioned mental institutions to put these people that are dangerous but can't be arrested b/c they haven't done anything yet-like they used to have in NY. In the very next sentence he talks about preserving people's constitutional liberties.
On the one hand, I DO think that there is nowhere near enough support for mental illness in this country. We are failing ourselves daily. But we do NOT want to go back to the 'warehousing' of the mentally ill, that's awful as well.
And let’s not forget that it was Reagan who closed the mental institutions. Rather than improving public health, Republicans have consistently undercut the already inadequate social safety nets
The last thing we need is another "frog kid" fiasco
It seems like a pretty typical doomsday cult. Usually the cult leader is a bit more charasmatic, but the mindless sycophants were as expected.
Remember that a lot of people are very, very stupid
Is he trying to lay the groundwork for the upcoming insanity defense?
We already know he's sane, because he knew what a camel was. Likely from when Qaddafi stayed at his place.
the delusions are getting worse.
Now he's a superhero dictator.
I've been saying it all along... expect him to one day start rocking epaulettes and a cape.
Something like that.
Stable genius for sure.
Too bad he wouldn't do it for the country.. being a draft dodger and all..
Calling him a draft dodger is an insult to real draft dodgers. Those people gave up their country, jobs, and families because of their principles. Trump didn't give up anything.
Exactly, Trump didn't dodge anything, certainly not out of principle, he just said "fuck you I have money, you can't tell me what to do."
Most draft dodgers won’t run for president and glamorize the military and tell generals he knows more than them about war....
Exactly. Don't act like you're courageous when you ran before fighting. People talk big until fate asks their soul be demanded. You think that security guard woke up that morning as a coward? Fuck no. He learned that about himself that day.
To be fair, it's no bigger a lie than he tells every other day. This one is just much more petty.
it's just so fucking sad..and the people who listen to this man are even sadder.
TBH I'm less mad at the people who are open supporters of his than the "I'm not a Trump supporter but..." people. The people who indulge in whataboutism constantly and downplay everything he does and continuously play the "why aren't we talking about..." game.
Fuck, now his base will demand that he get a medal for saying he would’ve run into a school shooting.
Fox and the bots will pick it up, Trump will say "many people are saying...", declare himself a national hero, give himself a congressional medal of honor and demand a yuuuge military parade be held in his honor.
give himself a congressional medal of honor
Definitely. And the parade of course isn't in place of the one he's planning on having, it's in addition to it. And it has to be much, much yuuuuger, and much more tremendous.
Yes, Cadet Bone Spurs' history as an upstanding citizen willing to sacrifice himself for his country truly backs up this claim. Example: his heroic avoidance of chlamydia, essentially equivalent to serving in the Vietnam War.
Now, if a conservative even suggests that maybe Trump would not have done this, they will be ostracized. That's the kind of movement they have
Trump: I would have run

5 deferment Cadet Bone Spurs would run in without a gun? Who is he kidding. If he had been there we would have found him five counties away.
says the man too afraid to sit down with Mueller
Who's he kidding, he'd need to take a golf cart.
...in the opposite direction of any gunplay.
"How much you wanna make a bet I can throw a football over them mountains?... Yeah... Coach woulda put me in fourth quarter, we would've been state champions. No doubt. No doubt in my mind."
You want us to believe that this guy is going to "run" into a school shooting situation?
Yeah, this guy. The guy who's afraid of stairs.


Wait, what? What's happening here?
A protester was storming the stage. After Trump started running away and the secret service tackled the protester, Trump said "I was ready for him, but it’s much better if the cops do it, don’t we agree?"
Trump is what we call "down the street" tough.
"Hold me back!"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KMA3-pGgTs
wow how have i never seen that before?
Looks like he was making fun of disabled people so much he sweated himself into a heart attack.
I remember a time when a clip like that could ruin someones run for presidency.
I doubt the Dukakis tank photo or the Howard Dean scream would have gone anywhere had those men not been Democrats.
Mitt Romney's "Binders full of women" probably thwacked him though.
There’s something oddly poetic about that gif. It’s like America taking a swipe at someone who’s clearly unworthy of the presidency.
favorite gif of Trump.
My favorite part of that gif is someone on Tumblr explained that it's not just a bad omen, it's happening because he hadn't been listening to the trainer and had been handling the bird poorly beforehand and frightening it. So after that of course it bites when his hand gets anywhere near it.
Jesus Christ, fucking every living thing hates Trump.
A bone-spurious claim at best.
Healthy enough at 71 to run into a school, unarmed, and take down an active shooter.
Too unhealthy to walk 700 yards in Italy.
If I had Lazer beams shooting out if my eyeballs and could time travel I'd kill Hitler before breakfast every day.
Are you kidding me? Trump would have put a dress on to get off the Titanic.
Nicolas Sarkozy, french president from 2007-2012, did just that once. Back when he was still "just" a mayor, there was a hostage situation in a kindergarten in his suburb. He entered the classroom alone and unarmed, negociated with the criminal, and came out with a kid in his arms. I think he rescued four of them by himself in total. In the end, all of them were saved, and the man killed by the RAID.
The only thing this guy runs towards is McDonalds
nah, even then he rides on a golf cart because he is a fat old piece of shit.
im not sure he could run if he tried.
that’s nice dear
It's a pity he wasn't there.



Lol ok bone spurs. The only thing you run to is a cheese burger and Putin’s cock.
So true; however, let's not forget that he will also walk briskly towards porn stars and stray golf balls.
Lol get a load of cadet bones spurs over here
Yes. Such an honest man with a history of putting others first. /s
Holy shit. We just hit peak Trump.
No we have not.
Not only a serial liar; a gutless, serial liar. Anyone who clapped and cheered for that is dumber than he is.

Says the man currently scrambling, Flintstones-style, to run the fuck away from an in-person deposition with Robert Mueller.
Like his heroic service in Vietnam.
I wish you would have, Donny. I wish you would have.
No, you fucking wouldn't have, you dumb shit. You're only saying that shit because you know you will NEVER be put in that situation. Stop trying to bullshit your base of morons.
run
Trump is now a moderator of /r/iamverybadass
I started laughing after "I would have run"
Someone needs to explain to him that ar15's don't fire burgers and pornstars.

We can only wish.
He is creating a new myth for himself. This is what dictators do.
Does anyone believe this?

This looks like the perfect place to have a civil discussion with one of my fellow Americans!
As an American who is pro gun/2A I like having discussions with people who are anti. It's very rare to have a civil discussion but when you do it's interesting.
That's a good point. From someone who is relatively neutral on the topic, I think its pretty awesome that a grown man can own a gun for sport. I just think we (as a country) need to do a much better job at identifying and treating mental illness. I'm from Minnesota where gun violence is about as rare as it is in most European countries, yet there's a healthy community that take their guns to the range and go hunting. I don't know what it's like to live in the worst of the worst in Chicago, Cali, etc.
I think people really mistaken the second amendment as protecting people who want to use there guns for sport. The second amendment was put into place because the founding fathers wanted a way for the general population to fight back against a tyrannical government because that is exactly what they did in the revolution. The problem is if the only people with weapons are the government then they can pretty much do whatever they want without any possibility of someone fighting back.
I don't know what it's like to live in the worst of the worst in Chicago...
I have lived in Chicago my entire life. When handguns were illegal, we still had a very robust murder gun rate. People argue that the guns come from surrounding states, and some of the numbers bare that out. Still what about the Fast and Furious operation guns that wound up illegally back in the US?
The counterargument would be that the legislation cannot be done at a state level, but rather a federal level.
Good luck getting states to enforce federal laws they are diametrically opposed to. Hell the feds aren't even fully enforcing the laws they have now and that includes really important ones like NICS and straw purchases.
Except at the federal level, it's pretty damned close to against the law to buy guns out of state (it's complicated, but the exceptions are not what's causing the problems in Chicago).
Federal agencies have trouble enforcing federal laws at a state level. See: ICE.
Yep. Take out gang-related firearms deaths and exclude suicide by firearm, and the US has a homicide rate roughly on par with Western Europe.


As someone who chooses to not own any guns, I think its pretty awesome that those who want guns can have them. I think everywhere should be open carry but hey, that's just me.
As an American who is pro gun/2A I like having discussions with people who are anti. It's very rare to have a civil discussion but when you do it's interesting.
I love discussing the issue.
As someone who is also pro gun, I definitely agree with you. I think it's important to understand both sides of any issue, and having rational conversations with someone who disagrees with you is the best way to do that. I find it's also a good opportunity to clear up some common misconceptions with our current gun laws which is beneficial for all sides.
Hey, I love you regardless of if we disagree on this topic.






"demand an end to gun violence"....yeah I don't think anyone wants innocent people shot. We can all agree on that. HOW that is done...that's when people get all mad and yell-y.
Most gun violence is gang violence which is actually generally decreasing. People don’t give a shit about gang violence.
well it depends on how we define "gun violence".
Which one decreases when mental health care is more widely accessible this one generally doesnt decrease with gun bans (ex. Japan) and the other one decreases with better job and education prospects along with more lenient drug enforcement (more likely to find future jobs preventing relapse to gang life) this one also does not decrease much with gun laws (ex. Chicago) if you are smuggling in Cocaine and Heroine adding a few pistols to the mix is not hard.
I really appreciate you bringing this up. I think the gun debate is often limited to too small of a scope, with people arguing stricter gun control vs. personal liberty/2nd amendment rights. But these other factors like access to healthcare and socioeconomic mobility clearly play a big role in a lot of the gun crime in the US. While I personally support stricter gun control (in line with Canada's laws), I would have no problem leaving gun laws unchanged in exchange for legislation that meaningfully addressed the aforementioned issues.
I agree. To me, changing the gun laws is only going after the end affector. Making it harder to obtain a tool for violence doesn't address the cause of the violence. I think that if we push hard to find the root cause of that, and attack it head on, then people would be more open to firearm regulation.
Actually, I believe the highest suicide rate per capita is Natives, not white men.
depends on age. Its higher for white men overall, but more pronounced in younger natives
yep. maybe someone can find the source, but I saw one quote that said the vast majority of gun deaths are in 4 metro areas.
It's simple, did you even read the march's official mission statement?
“What should be in it? Who cares, just do it now!” So correct me if I’m wrong but didn’t this kind of attitude lead to things like the Patriot Act?
The similarity of this situation to terrorism is actually super-apt, because your chances of getting killed in a mass shooting in the U.S. is roughly the same as getting killed in a terrorist attack.
Man, get out of my head. I was just thinking about how much this mirrors terrorism and Trump n’ Friends saying the actions of a handful of extremists is a reason to start restricting millions of innocent people over it.
“What should be in it? Who cares, just do it now!” So correct me if I’m wrong but didn’t this kind of attitude lead to things like the Patriot Act?
Ready , fire , aim never works.
didn’t this kind of attitude lead to things like the Patriot Act?
weird how they were throwing a fit over transparent back packs
Yeah "it's not fair to punish thousands of people over the actions of one" apparently.
A bill was passed, the STOP School Violence Act. It was passed the day before the march and initiated by the kid NOT marching on DC, Kyle Kashuv. No one want to talk about him though, because he is a conservative.
Unpopular opinion maybe, but I'm just not a big fan of this mass shooting thing.
Controversial opinion but I hate cancer and alzheimers disease
alzheimers disease
Kinda-popular opinion: Dave, Im just going to give you your shot and take you home. Youre naked and these nuns are terrified.
A bold stance!
Assuming the comments in this thread are primarly from Americans, as an American ... I don't feel like my opinions are represented here at all.
Amazing how separated we've become.
The media to some extent, has always been a conduit for the wealthy to impose their opinions on the working class.
And 2016 for that as well.
No, we were bad since Bush’s 2nd term at least



I don't disagree that that's what it feels like to me, but at the same time, that's about as far back as I remember being old enough to notice.
That's because everyone thinks they have the moral high ground and anyone on the other side is a bigot and literally scum of the earth.
I think you are right.
I remember that. I was a teenager then, but starting to be politically aware. It stuck me as odd. I remember thinking "wait, I thought the President was a position we respected?"
Politics has never been civil, since you're always one vote away from losing all your rights to the "other side" ... no matter the issue.
Many Americans simply do not believe in what you do.
Amazing how separated we've become.
sure but different facts? no and that is how we have become separate
The fact that now a days anything we disagree with, we think of as fake news is troubling
You're underestimating the political divide that there seems to be in the US. From an European point of view, it's pretty impressive to see just how much you guys hate each other. Your alternating two-party system seems to have polarised US opinion to a point where it is really unhealthy, and perhaps even dangerous.
It's not about having different opinions, but people having the point of view that their political opponents are such scum, they would compare them to Hitler, and actually mean it. People just don't understand each other at all, and don't care to.
Gun owner and Veteran here.
 weed + firearm = felony in many states.
Which, incidentally, is also a felony.
An UNENFORCED felony, at that, http://dailycaller.com/2013/01/18/biden-to-nra-we-dont-have-the-time-to-prosecute-people-who-lie-on-background-checks/
I understand, im just saying it's hard to care about gun crimes when we have millions felons who are felons for no other reason than smoking pot and owning/buying a gun. If we want to focus on actual crimes we'd really need to stop making millions of otherwise safe adults into felons.
I agree wholeheartedly, marijuana needs to be treated like alcohol and tobacco. Unfortunately, it isn't.
How do we keep guns away from people with mental health issues, and how will it reduce suicide rates? (We're pretty much in line with other developed countries who have strict gun laws.)
Just anecdotally, the whole "violent video games and movies are at fault" thing came out of left field for myself and most 2A supporters I know. It's a scapegoat alright, and a pathetic one at that.
It's pretty simply shut down by asking people who use that line "What about the rest of the world? America is not the only country who plays these games." All of those games available in pretty much every major country, so what exactly is the difference there?
It is something politicians do that is wholely related to shifting the blame. It has nothing to do what their constituents want.
I play video games and generally support gun rights so I was doubly pissed when that stupid narrative was being pushed, and how it still gets pushed even when we have facts stating otherwise.
The problem with background checks and mental competency checks to execute a constitutional right, is that if you can do it to one of them, you can do it to all of them. There needs to be a constitutional amendment if you want to do this, and gun supporters will never agree to an amendment, because the anti gun crowd continuously pushes for bad, feel-good legislation that only harms legal owners and does not solve problems.
There are background checks that include mental health for gun purchases.
These are all great questions to be asked about this topic, with the exception of the question about video games. Video games have been shown to have no direct causal link to violent acts/behaviors and do not need to be put into this discussion whatsoever. We don't need to cause any more bullshit speculation about video games and violence that so many people are quick to use as blame for these recent shootings.
How about video games that sensationalize death? Should they be prohibited also?
Less than that really because I feel like they’ve found that violent video games let people get their anger and stress out effectively. I could be misrepresenting studies and misremembering what I’ve read but I think I remember seeing that.
I feel like mandatory background checks is the middle ground. People still seem opposed to something that simple.
but how does that work?
that's the goal for many - they want the "reasonable background checks" in place, and conveniently, fees associated with it. Fees that will inevitably go up and up as time goes on, causing the poor and middle class to no longer be able to afford legal gun ownership.



Because background checks are mandatory for all sales except private transactions between citizens.
So what do we get for that compromise? Also, does every time a father let's his son borrow a gun to go hunting require a background check? If not, how long of a loan can one have before a background check is required?
I feel like mandatory background checks is the middle ground.
I feel like mandatory background checks is the middle ground.
That's because when states have passed universal background checks (colorado) they made it illegal for my own girl friend to lend me the rifle that shares a safe with
Supported by me!
Mandatory background checks for what? Are you going to use it to deny gun ownership? On what criteria would you like to restrict access in addition to the present criteria?
Background checks for all firearm purchases is already mandatory. It’s the illegal transactions people should worry about.
Which background checks? The free and easy to access over internet/phone ones or the ones that simply mandate FFL involvement to increase time, cost, and travel to exercise a basic aspect of 2nd amendment rights?
I won't go into all your questions because there is a lot here. Some are good ideas, some are bad and some just need tweaked. But something was said at the Akron protest today that struck a cord. The common link between these violent gun incidents isn't bullying. It isn't mental health. The common predictor is domestic violence. There is a real link between people with a history of beating their wives and girlfriends and winding up killing people with guns. I think a major part of background checks needs to be domestic violence histories. Wife beaters should forfeit their right to purchase and own guns once convicted.
The protesters today are pushing 4 policy changes: mandatory background checks, raising the minimum gun sales age from 18 to 21, ban sales of assault rifles and providing more funding to school safety and mental health resources. How do you feel about these policy changes, would you support them?
Those policies are already law except the age range. This is why we can't have a conversation because nobody actually bothers to do the work and understand what they are protesting for.
Who's defining assault rifles because as it stands right now "assault rifles" are already considered illegal or with insanely strict background checks required to possess them.
More uninformed (as in don't own nor are familiar with fire arms) people I've had this debate/argument with have defined an assault weapon as having one or more of the following: has a pistol grip, Semi-auto, has a rail/mounting system that extends all the way down the barrel/heatshield, and/or has a modular/interchangeable buttstock.
I'm ok with half of those. It seems odd to allow people to join the military but not privately own guns. I also do not agree with banning semi-auto rifles. The other two suggestions are fine.
mandatory background checks
By "assault rifle", you mean fully automatic, correct? This is important because many people don't know the difference between fully automatic and semi automatic.
Yes. All fully autos are illegal. Some semi autos could be seen as a problem but even small handguns are semi autos
To my knowledge no legal fully automatic weapons have been used in murder or mass shooting in the US since Bonnie and Clyde.
You're thinking of Assault Weapon as a joke classification. Assault Rifles, as defined by the United States Military:
By "assault rifle", you mean fully automatic, correct?
Outright bans on any weapon is a no, assault rifles are already heavily regulated and not common. Unless you or they mean the very vague "assault weapon" term people use that has way to many variables and just comes off as a ban on scary but not more deadly than any other guns.

mandatory background checks
Maryland already basically has all these laws in place, did nothing to stop the recent shooting.
Assault rifles are banned?
Yes. They have been defacto banned since the 1930s.
ban sales of assault rifles
They actually list 5 goals. On the official March for our lives site they are pushing for the AR-15 to be classified as a "weapon of war" also one of the 5 goals is to ban magazines over 10 rounds. Completely ignoring the fact the Florida shooter used 10 round mags
Swede here, the gun owners here have to pass tests to keep their guns, you have to show you can use it, store it and safely store it. We have more guns per Capita than the USA, but everyone that owns one, is looked at by the police, and have to pass written exams. No unstable fool will do this.
Just a few corrections:
We have more guns per Capita than the USA
To many American gun owners, guns aren't range toys or hunting tools (well, not all of them), they're tools for protecting yourself, your family
It's a cutesey phrase applied to guns you don't really need but you do want, much like someone might refer to a sports car as a toy. I'm looking to buy an AK-pattern shotgun, I've already got a break-action 20-gauge for hunting and skeet and a pistol for defense, so it's a toy in that the niche is already mostly filled. I want it because it's going to be stupidly fun at the range.

Why aren't they demanding the police follow up on repeated warnings?
I know, right? Why not convene on the Broward County Sheriff's Office?
That sheriff needs to be fired and his staff retrained.
I know several people marching who've demanded that very thing. So there you go.
In 2016 only 11,004 people died from a firearm in the USA (minus suicides). About 45,965 died from Suicide in that same year. What's the bigger problem? In fact, firearm deaths don't even crack the top 10 causes of death in the US.
Remember when the President suggested we should just take people guns without due process?
Y’all really think that’s going to work? “Hello fellow gun enthusiasts...”
Of course not but most of what Trump says is nonsense so it's not worth getting worked up over it.
He was doing his part to give gun manufacturers a brief bump in sales.
I’m a visitor in Madison, WI. Didnt know about this, until I was eating breakfast on State St. and the elderly couple next to me asked each other “Is your sign ready?” and pulled out their signs. It’s a very passionate protest, and there are some counterprotesters here too.
Short Stack?
Sunroom Cafe. I didn’t have a car this time, but I’ll be sure to check out Short Stack when I come back. Pictures on Google look amazing
Milwaukee WI checking in! I didn't see any counter-protesters here, though it's possible I missed them.
What this thread needs to remember
If you're interested in compromise, here's a pretty good list that has something for everyone.
This aint bad.
As a gun owner and devout 2A protector. I’d be willing to sign off on this. The problem seems to me to be that one side is calling for more restrictions and the other feels like they have already gave up so much under the National Firearms Act, Gun Control Act of 1986, Bush era import ban, etc that they aren’t willing to give a single inch. Their concern is that if they give in for background checks, then next the conversation is just going to move towards a demand for other things like standard capacity magazines or semiautomatic rifles. Compromise means that both sides have to get something and both sides half to give something up. Saying that they will let you keep some of your rights but in exchange you have to give up others isn’t really compromise.
I'm right there with you. I didn't make the website, but I'm spreading it where appropriate in the hopes we can at least have a conversation about actual compromise. Maybe that list will become law, maybe it won't. But we'll never get anywhere if both sides aren't willing to come to the table
Ultimately, it's people almost completely ignorant of firearms that are screaming the loudest for these unrealistic laws and regulations. For me, allowing ignorant people to effect change is more dangerous than a few bad people with guns. Go and ask these people marching simple questions about firearms. Like the difference between semi automatic and fully automatic. What's an "assault rifle" and how do they define it? Show them 5 rifles, and ask which is the assault rifle, or which is/should be illegal. Then do the same with handguns. No freaking clue. Complete ignorance and unresolved emotions. That's all that is driving all of this.
As the owner of a bump stock I think they are completely useless and a novelty item like you said, they're less accurate,waste of ammunition, and aren't good for your gun, I wouldn't mind handing mine in but at the same time I don't even keep it on my AR and it sits in a milk crate in my garage,seems like it could just stay there
THAT is an actual compromise. You have no idea how refreshing that is to see, because all we 2A people get normally are demands with nothing in return.
Great suggestion. People need to to stop, take a deep breath, and talk logically and rationally about it. I hope we as a nation can someday do this for everyone's benefit.
I'm a diehard 2A proponent and I'd support that, with one additional stipulation - if you're going to classify bumpfire stocks as machine guns, reopen the machine gun registry. An ordinary AK can cost you upwards of $10,000 for the gun itself without even taking the tax stamp and wait into effect, because you can't have anything made after 1986. That's a very limited supply of guns, and it's only going to decrease.
That's not a bad idea at all, but unfortunately I doubt the gun control crowd would go for it.
Then why is practically every gun control measure I see proposed anything but outright, arbitrary bans?
Here’s why.
Reading this thread, I've been picking up some ideas I can write to lawmakers about how they can effectively reduce gun violence without infringing on law abiding gun owners' rights and possessions. I don't know a way to stop some teenager from stealing his parent's gun and shooting up a school though, and that's mainly the thing protesters want stopped. Here's my list of ideas, does anything here seem particularly naive or a bad idea?
Dear God, do I actually detect some sensible regulation?
To make this a parent level comment I'm reposting because I legitimately want to know what they want. Is it too much to ask for specific policies? Or do they legitimately not know what they are protesting for?
Waiting period?
Waiting period?
Chances are for most people who do not have a gun, buying one right away to deal with an immediate threat wouldn't be very helpful. You need to practice and learn what you are doing.







Actually in dc while this was going on for something unrelated
I’m pro gun control but I don’t believe in taking away responsible gun owners firearms or banning guns that look scary because they look scary. It’s gotten to the point where if I have anything positive to say about firearm ownership and have a stance anything short of a complete ban I’m accused of wanting children to get shot. It’s kind of sad.
People with a weak argument often fall back on accusations and scare tactics. It sucks and it makes this issue far more divisive than it needs to be. I have shown many people through conversation, why gun ownership isn't a terrible thing. In my experience the vast majority of people who want to ban guns trust the police and live in very safe areas.
People get so pissy when young kids join in on these. These high schoolers and below are the ones who are growing up doing active shooter drills their entire life in school. I didn't start until 6th grade, the first half of my schooling I didn't have to worry about this. But this is their reality now, active shooter drills since kindergarten even. They're allowed to have an opinion on it one way or another. As they grow older opinions change and grow, but right now, they've realized the people in charge probably didn't have to do these drills as children and are the ones say "Nah it's fine!" Of course they're angry. Imagine going to school and not having this worry in your head, I have that still cause I experienced it, these kids haven't. It'll always be there until we can make changes to help actually keep them safe.
Most of that paperwork (registration, inspection, etc) is only required to use the car on public roads. If you’re using the car on your own property (farm or whatever) you don’t need to do that.
What do we want? “Less rights!”
The rallies are aiming to persuade Congress to tighten the US’s notoriously lax firearm laws, which have made gun massacres a regular part of American life.

They are literally saying "If they give us an inch we will take a mile"
Hey guns have more rights than uteruses. For example, women aren't allowed to walk into Illinois.
I think that women can go THROUGH Illinois if you are on a continuous journey to a state that allows you to have them.
Do they have to be a secure container in the trunk though?
Also, women shorter than 5'1" are banned. 10 years in prison for breaking this law.
But in a scarily accurate analogy, if your tits are too small you can't do porn in Australia. Imagine a minimum mag size lmao
How does this have so many upvotes? Uteruses aren't banned from government buildings, polling places on election days, school grounds, airplane cabins, etc. There aren't enough facepalm gifs on the internet for this shit.
No but it's the front page of the guardian pretending that somehow guns have more rights.
Reddit is gonna be pissed
Can I get an honest response of what this hopes to do?
I think that two good long-term actions we can take to reduce gun violence are:


Oh dear. Anybody have popcorn? This is gonna turn into a shit show.
It already was even before the protests started.


I'm proud that these people are expressing their 1st Amendment rights and I sincerely hope they come to cherish their 2nd Amendment rights as much as they do their 1st.
They probably don't, and that's fine. Another great thing about being an American is that we don't have to "cherish" everything.
Can always support people making sure their voices are heard in a peaceful manner, however, can anyone give me specifics of what "March for Lives" hopes to achieve.
I'm always concerned when calls for more gun control laws cite people who ignore present gun laws as a matter of their daily routines as reason for more of those laws.....like gangsters for instance.
How do you prevent this problem? When you look at countries like Switzerland (high amount of firearms per capitasame type of weapons allowed in America ) and you look at their Judicial system they can easily identify and prevent threats because they are focused on helping unlike America where we are focused on punishment.
Hogwarts - all teachers AND STUDENTS armed

Per link, the company is restructuring and will continue to stay in business.
I'm not surprised they've lost a lot of revenue, their products have really declined over the past decade while the gun industry as a whole has been doing very well. Can't beat Ruger in either quality or affordability.
They did a bunch of restructuring a while back that resulted in severe QA cuts. Unsurprisingly, this resulted in a lot of bad quality products.
They were bought by Freedom Group which also acquired Bushmaster, Marlin, and a few others.
Thank you for stating this. Freedom group has severely cut the quality of Bushmaster Scopes and is a s*** Corporation that has benefited from more lobbying than quality. It's sad to see Direction this is all going.
It's sad to see Direction this is all going.
For one shot... after that it's jammed
With the way they've been lately, they could probably find a way to jam a single shot rifle.
If it doesn't jam it'll just rust shut in a few hours.
They'd rust in Arizona.
Kind of like when Pacific Cyclery bought a bunch of the bicycle brands that were big in the 80s and 90s and then turned them all into Walmart bikes.
Freedom Group, the EA of guns
Yeah I built two AR's about a decade ago using most Bushmaster parts, and when I went to help a friend build one this past summer I was appalled at how poorly made and machined some of their stuff was.
This the first I've heard about Bushmaster being bought by Freedom Group and I'm glad I read it because I now know to never buy anything made by them again.
The good news is there are way more companies making quality stuff now than there were then. And it's easier to find and do business with cottage vendors.
The original Bushmaster people who made things that weren't dogshit moved onto founding Windham Weaponry IIRC
"Freedom Group" Hahaha fucking hell.
And their CEO, John Freedom
Is he related to Gary Brexit?
Remington, for when you want a gun that goes off randomly.


Or has rifling that’s somehow skewed and no matter how much you attempt to center it’s never right.
Also Rugers customer service is the absolute best in the business. Broke a clip or spring from a gun made in 60's or 70's? No problem they mail you an envelope full of them, often free of charge. Meanwhile Remington went on denying their trigger systems were dangerous for years until a lawsuit forced them to change.
Ruger and Vortex = best CS in the gun industry.
They don't call a no questions asked warranty a Leupold warranty for no reason. And Leupold has way better glass than vortex.
For a lower budget, Leupold is way better than a similarly priced Vortex.
Personally I'm more of a Torgue kinda guy
With Torgue the explosions happen to the target, with Remington it's the weapon.
That sentence had too many syllables! APOLOGIZE!
It’s too bad, I’d love to go out and buy a brand new Remington 870 (I’m a big shotgun guy) but they’re just such pieces of shit post-2007
Get a Mossberg 590
It's beyond me why anyone would purchase a Remington over a Mossberg at this point, with all Remington's failures in the past 2 decades.
I haven’t paid attention to either in years. Years back I was trying to decide between the 870 and 500. Thanks for the post. I’ll get the 500 eventually.
My brother bought an 870 a couple months ago and the first time we took it to the range the damn shells got stuck in the magazine tube.
Mine does that when the brass part is short. The longer ones shoot fine.
Figured it when their new release of the Model 51 was way worse than the 100 year old version.
This has been in the works for a while and nobody is really concerned about it. They're still selling guns, building guns, and planning for the future.
They also produce a shit load of ammunition
They're not going out of business, and they won't be likely to go out of business any time soon
That's what happens when you buy a brand and fuck it up so hard that the guns they were known for now make you a laughing stock.
Is a laughing stock even legal to put on a rifle?
What part of shall not be infringed don't you understand? If I want fully automatic laughing stocks it's my god given second amendent right!
I don’t understand how companies get like this. They are a somewhat reputable and historic brand and these past years have been highest in gun sales ever. How badly we’re you mismanaged to not only not make money, but go into massive debt.
Get bought by investors who see "unrealized profit potential", which they "unleash" by laying off QC people and most senior staff, trying to fuck customers on warranty issues, using substandard parts, offshoring important components, etc. Wonder why company reputation and sales are in the toilet. Take as much liquidity out of the company as possible, then file for bankruptcy to try to screw your suppliers.
Just a heads up I don’t actually know why Remington went under, but it’s probably because of stereotypical large manufacturing death from poor decisions between the 90’s-the 2008 crash.

Remember when Toys R Us said that last September?






Oh phew, I was worried I’d have to change my baby registry yet again.
This will still reach the top of /r/all. Dollars to donuts
Not surprised. The quality of their product really went downhill after they were bought by the Freedom Group.
You mean a corporate entity that bought out a well-known and trusted brand proceeded to cut QC and gut any goodwill the brand might have engendered?
RIP Gibson Guitars










Say it isn't so. Who bought Gibson?
They are still their own private company iirc. The problem is a Terri me corporate philosophy and management throughout. Everything from lacking QC, the FBI raid, a micromanaging CEO and even a terrible accounting department. They are nearing bankruptcy themselves now that their goodwill is slowly fading away.
Lots of management issues (including running up a bunch of debt for stuff unrelated to their core brand), and QC isn’t where you’d expect it to be for the price range of their guitars. It’s not nearly as bad as people make it out to be - almost every new Gibson I’ve looked at or played was a great guitar - but it’s just not at the level you’d expect for the price premium.
Freedom Group.
It gets worse. They're owned by Cerberus.
Explains the cost-cutting. Building an Alliance Frigate and resurrecting a war-hero ain't cheap.
That's why you gotta find those element deposits on every planet.
We all hit the stage in ME2 where we have to spend hours collecting supplies because we need to start actually upgrading things.
And finally making Jacob feel like he is essential.
Funny enough, I tend to bring Jacob more than I do Jack.
Garrus/Miranda like every mission
Don't forget probing Uranus.
And that relationship is really odd. Quoting Wikipedia:
...Cerberus is a real organization?
Dan Quayle's company. They were heavy in the Chrysler bankruptcy.
Gasps in Andromeda
This guy Mass Effects
It was not all there even when they were bought. They had basically ceased coming out with anything new and interesting at that point.
I’ve had a Remington rifle for a long time and it’s been great. However, it seems like it’s been common knowledge for awhile that their QC has been slipping hard.
"Slipping" is an understatement, there's a reason people have taken to calling them Rustington.
Do you remember the r51 (Walther ppk looking carry piece) release? It was so broken and rushed that they needed to do a full recall and repair to the first generation. It had some crazy procedure for reassembling that was incredibly easy to do wrong too.





Used to be an 870 was as reliable as the sunrise. Times have changed.
I have an 870, my dad and brother both have 870s. Everyone had 870s when I was growing up. All they ever needed was a cleaning and an oiling. Most reliable machine I've ever owned. Those guns are all aobut 30+ years old now. We even found one in a fence line that was rusted open and the finish was coming off the wood. Who knows how long it'd been there. Sprayed some wd40 on it and it worked fine.
That's one reason why I have a fondness for older guns. Built when things were built to last, they're usually cheaper, and the designs are simpler. Well, mostly. I own an old Ithaca featherweight autoloader. Wouldn't dare take that thing apart to clean it. I always take it to a gunsmith to clean it. Those old Ithicas are awesome, but man are they finicky.




They got bought out by Freedom Group. A notoriously bad company.
Yeah, this has nothing to do with gun protests or anything like that.
I lucked out with a new Remington 700 that worked just fine but I knew the risk I was taking. Their QC has been shit for many years and is still declining after they got bought out by Freedom Group.
You mean your safety DOESN'T act like a second trigger?
That's what they mean by "bump-fire" right? Bump the safety? /s
Hey, can you please return that gun? We would like to find out how this accident happened.
No, I would probably expect gun sales to go up with protests.
Gun sales always go up during times like these. It's called panic buying.
No shit. Remington might actually be hoping for a "gun-grab" situation since that'll be the first time in a while that anyone's wanted to own their products.
Omg shit products don't sell.
What? Misfiring? Nooooo, just a sensive trigger, thats all. How sensitive? Well I mean a strong breeze... of 5 mph... indoors, could maybe kinda fire it... maybe.
My 870 won't accept Remington shells. Also, it sucks.
870
Ouch dude
shots (mis)fired
I never realized they actually put out a recall for them. Mine is listed as being part of the recall, think it would be a bad time to send it in?
Call 'em up and ask
Karma for ruining Marlin. Those new over priced and poorly made ones must not be selling. I wonder why...
I got a marlin 60 a few months back..whats wrong with them? It did have issues with cycling on my first range trip but I immediately determined it was the garbage bulk...wait for it. Remington ammo I bought. Federal solved that issue right away.
Just you wait, buddy. I’ve heard of problems with the metal rusting prematurely.
Hopefully not, I have mine in a safe with an evadry and live in West Texas, so if this fucker gets rust it isn't my fault. That'll be the day I get my second 10/22.
I've had my 1894 for just over 4 years and the barrell is rusting already. My Winchester 1894 made in the 60s is still perfect.
Remington 700’s fire without pulling the trigger.
They fixed that. But, it didn't help that they denied the problem for over a decade.
So how does that happen? I have no experience with guns.
By being incredibly poorly made.
Oh I heard about Tauruses being shit. Has the company been sued?
I believe they were sued in a different case, something to do with one of their handgun models firing when it was dropped. But my knowledge is limited in that regard, you'd have to google to know more ^_^
At least in some cases:
There was a flaw in the firing mechanism which would cause it to fire if all you did was take the safety off or operated the bolt.
You mean they actually did make a gun that could kill someone of its own volition? Diabolical!
NRA: Guns don't kill people, people kill people
does this mean the guns will start to NOT suck
Nope....
Before people start assuming people are buying less guns and that's the reason for this news, do some research. Remington's products suck. They are completely out of touch with the modern market. They make a decent hunting rifle and one reissue of a WW2 pistol. Everything else they make is trash.
Ruger and Savage seem to have taken over the bolt action rifle market that used to be dominated by the Remington. I just don't see Remington ever truly overcoming the scandal with the 700 series safety flaw.
Love my little ruger pistol, never had a single problem with it, shoots like a dream.
Remington has been shit for years. Their ammunition is all a complete worthless joke. They have failed to innovate and failed to deliver quality products to new customers.
Their ammunition is all a complete worthless joke
Remington UMC and thunderbolt are both dogshit. I'd much rather take my chances with the White Box. But even those are risky.
I buy my ammo at walmart. I can get 200 WWB for like 35, or I can get 200 Federal for 36. Federal every single time.
If Federal is good enough for Hicock, it's good enough for me
You aren't kidding about the ammo. Went through a box of 22lr Thunderbolts last weekend. I'd say about 1/5 of the rounds were noticeably underpowered, and my 10/22 has never been so dirty after a range day. Just gonna stick with CCI next time.
Other than their .22 ammo, which is absolutely shit I've never found anything wrong with their ammo. Though I just shoot for fun and clean my guns after nearly every trip.
I declare... BANKRUPTCY!
What's with the article's embedded video casually dropping that Remington manufactured the gun used at Sandy Hook? Seems irrelevant to the topic, since Remington has been garbage for decades. I mean, they could have said "Remington manufactured millions of rifles to support the war effort in both World Wars" if they wanted to expand on the company for the reader.
It's because they want to push their political point of view. It doesn't have to make sense, just make sure we put are slant on it.
Its products include the Bushmaster AR-15-style rifle that was used in the 2012 mass shooting in Newtown, Connecticut.
Just an FYI, this isn't because of protests or whatever. It's because their products are shit right now.
I'm not gonna lie. I came here expecting people talking about how the protests are working or that the nation is changing their views on guns. As it turns out, most people here are talking about how Remington's quality has been going to shit which is why they're failing.
Reddit has a LOT of firearm owners, thats why.
Yep, and it is very widely known among the gun-owning community how god awful Remington has become. Their failure has been a long time coming.
This is what happens when people who are knowledgeable on the subject visit the thread early.
Wasn't this announced like a month ago?

Why is OP posting this months old story today? Hmmm
I’d assume OP is pushing an agenda, which is what someone else said after looking at his post history
Not sure if this was posted to push an agenda or what, but Remington is pretty much irrelevant to modern firearms bought and sold in the US.
Blew up in his face harder than a R700
i cant see what you did there. in fact, i cant see at all now.
It's owned by Cerberus Capital Management, which plans to shed ownership once the bankruptcy is complete.
Isn't Cerberus selling Remington a good thing? Hopefully they're picked up by some other gun manufacturer who actually knows what they're doing.
Cerberus publicly announced they were selling Freedom Group after Sandy Hook. That was more than 5 years ago, and they still haven't gotten around to selling the company yet.
Honestly. This is a classic story. Once they come out of this if they’re bought by someone who just goes back to the core tenant of making a good product they’ll be worth a quarter in a minute.
Not necessarily. If the new buyer is smart (which is a big if), they'll be able to see what everyone else sees - that Remington has been declining because of its quality is falling apart.
This Freedom Group has done more damage to famous American gun manufactures then all the major anti-gun groups put together.
I have a feeling this is only on the frontpage because naive redditors think the gun control march had anything to do with it.
Absolutely it is. Really makes a guy wonder how many of these upvotes are from people that don't read one word of the article. 95%?
The Reddit special. If you could've worked in something about Trump and Russia it would have 3x as many upvotes.
I’ve noticed that in the last couple of days. Most posts with anti gun titles get a ton of upvotes but then the comments tend to be pro gun. I even saw some threads that started heavy anti-gun at first but after 5 or so hours, the comments drastically changed.
I have an old Remington 7600 my grandpa gave me. First time I ever got scope eye...
That’s usually due to the scope.
Also poor shooting position. Just sayin'.
Here comes our biannual "Reddit has no idea what bankruptcy means" discussions




I have an older 870 express. Great gun. Bought one for the wife after 2007 and it would jam. Seriously shells would gut stuck in the chamber. That said they should have stuck to rifles and committed to making good ones. Hopefully they make it.
They used to make some of the best shotguns. Remington and Mossberg are like 80% of shotguns in the USA
And now Mossbergs are the ones to get because they are cheaper and they actually work.
Same story here, my dad's guns. Old 870 from about 2000 runs like a dream, newer express from about 2010 has been deemed replacement parts for how often it actually cycles.
Same issue with mine. Tried to send it back for repairs and it wasnt fixed. I googled it and there is a little ledge in the re iever you can file off that makes it cycle properly. No reason to have to do that though, its a shit gun and it kicks way too hard for what it is. Mossberg all the way now.
It's one of those "I don't wanna pay the debt" bankruptcy though, rather than "i am completely out of business" bankruptcy
Remington has been putting out a shitty product for the last decade or so. This is not new.
They turned into a conglomerate and turned their brands to trash. No surprise here
Good their quality went to shit. They turned a trusted name into a mockery.
Seriously what the fuck happened to them. A few million in debt is understandable a downturn and all but 950m you make guns how the fuck do you get almost a bil the debt.
Hmm I wanted to buy a Remington but now I'm thinking not with the comments.
don't - they were good, but are now junk.
Which Remington in particular? I'm sure someone can suggest a better alternative.
I don't know a thing about business. How the hell does a business file for bankruptcy and then seemingly keep doing the same exact thing it was doing before filing?
There's different forms of bankruptcy. Some are simply negotiations on debts, which is what Remington is doing.
That's what bankruptcy is for... They didn't say they were liquidating the company.
Could you write a more slanted article, garbage.
"Founded in 1816, Remington is one of the oldest and best-known gun makers in the world. It's owned by Cerberus Capital Management, which plans to shed ownership once the bankruptcy is complete."

In the abc documentary on his prime minister-ship he said he deeply regretted wearing the vest.
Easy to say after you dont get shot.
Agreed. At the time, the atmosphere was pretty heated. I never held it against him that he wore the vest.
i think he had balls of steel to even get up there. Turnbull or Abbott would shit their pants before ever stepping foot on the stage.
Turnbull or Abbott wouldn't get on the stage.
Yep, you’ve nailed the strategy for all political parties in this country. I am beyond disenchanted with politicians, their parties and their policies.
The only response is to vote below the line and vote for small parties that represent how you feel the direction of the country should go.
Abbott would blame the victims of the shooting because, after all, shit happens eh?
nods silently for a whole minute
I’ve given you the response you deserve.
HAHAHAHahahaah...hah...oh god that's actually what he said after silently nodding for a minute.
Me neither. There was a sense it was unchartered territory. The US is in similar situation so I hope the gun control supporters maintain their line.
I think they'll get it eventually. Most of the pro-guns people seem to think that the gun control supporters want guns completely banned, but they just want increased controls on purchasing and storage.
To be fair, there do exist politicians that would like to abolish guns within the United States. There have been calls before to abolish the 2nd amendment. There have been a lot of reasonable gun control measures voted down because the right feared that a three day waiting period, $10 fee and a class every five years would quietly turn into a five year waiting period, $1000 fee and a required class every 6 months to maintain a gun license. I believe it’s called the “death by a thousand cuts” argument.
Agreed. To add, what the buy back did was to take the guns out of the community. I am currently watching a CNN Town Hall and the politicians seemed focused on background checks and "crazy people" but the fact is with millions of guns in homes and in circulation, anyone will still be able to get a gun for whatever purpose they want.
A fair number, not all, but a decent amount of these incidents are by teenagers who wouldn't have access to these weapons in Australia.
I think the difference between Australia and the US is not so much the number of guns, but the gun culture.
Except any infringement or added difficulty on buying or selling guns is treated like a complete ban
"Well I arrived perfectly safe and without incident; was silly of me to wear that seat belt, thinking back on it."
He said it wasnt his call really. The AFP said there had been threats made and more or less made him wear it.
He also mentioned that in his book. Thought it was silly after the fact.
Silly to regret it now, but I (as a generally opposed to Howard person) would respect him at least 1 order of magnitude more if he hadn't, and the act garnered much respect regardless.
I got mad respect for him now looking back, remember at the time though being a kid just thought he was a real goofy bloke. If only America had politicians that put integrity over pleasing their donors.
I miss when John Howard was the most embarrassing thing about Australia.
I mean he made a lot of thing worse, but some things got better? Been a while since that happened. At least not without significant public pressure…
Full Frontal definately shaped my opinion of him being goofy and just a blubbering idiot
Do you remember this amazing video?
You can respect him for this particular act but otherwise he did a lot of bad things. This is probably the only big issue I agree with him on.
I think he generally left Australia worse off than when he came to power - except this one thing. He'll always have my respect for this alone. He did the right thing when it was not the politically smart thing to do, and that took a lot of guts.
Integrity over pleasing their donors. You couldn't accuse Howard of that at all. Except for this guns thing he was just as self serving as LNP's best today


There is no sin in prudence. The man did more harm than good, but I don't wish him dead - there was a credible risk.
is it though? you don't have to believe negative stereotypes about gun owners... it's just about recognizing that you've done something that crosses a serious line for people, and there's a decent chance at least one of those people is armed and crazy enough to shoot you
No offense, it would have been stupid for him not too.
Yeah and that’s what Sinodinos who was his Chief of Staff at the time says... how would he explain to Mrs Howard that they were warned and did nothing in the event he was shot... sensible decision that really makes no difference looking at it now
Someone posted somewhere that he didn't think he needed to wear it because the farmers he was talking too were used to blowing the heads off rabbits at half a kilometer and he wasn't wearing a helmet.
Like any insurance policy, there's never total cover.
As an American who’s now also an Aussie, it blew my mind one morning when I was walking from my unit in Crows Nest to Wollstonecraft Station, when matching-tracksuited Howard goes past me on his morning walk, with one guy walking alongside for security.
Hahah omg yeah it's so nice to see him just living his life and jogging in that matching tracksuit. Glad that even if people thought he was a dick, nearly every Aussie I know respects him for the aftermath of the Port Arthur massacre
It was also great to see one of the Chaser boys try to hug him while holding a running chainsaw.
Chasers sneaking into g20 or some summit as canadians while one was wearing full osama bin laden gear was the gunniest shit
APEC Sydney and it was hilarious. They were so successful that they couldn't even pull off the rest of their pranks as they were arrested
Link for those who haven’t had the fortune yet... https://youtu.be/N3zKuLgH_l8
Mate he once shoved passed me on a busy sidewalk on George St and I didn’t realise it was him until I saw his bushy eyebrows!
Those are some amazing eyebrows
Someone ran up and hugged or shook his hand with a screw driver if i remember correctly and the security didn't give 2 shits
Which led to one of the best Chaser stunts imo
Heh my American wife had a similar experience. Walking down near the Opera House in Sydney one day years ago and ... holy crap that was Kevin Rudd that just brushed past us in the opposite direction. Who was PM at the time. He had 3 AFP guys with him but following at a respectful distance and just keeping an eye on things.
Robert Muldoon (New Zealand PM from 1975 to 1984) had his phone number listed in the phone book and would take random calls from voters every evening.
Closest I came was a couple of months before Julia Gillard became PM. She was hanging out in Spring st, Melbourne one night. I was walking past and she turned suddenly to look at me with a happy look on her face which instantly became a look which said what the fuck you aren't Tim Mathieson, which was true, so I walked on.
He wouldn't be if he had been shot.
there has only been one assassination of a politician in Australia's history.
I bet he wouldn’t have regretted it if he got shot.
I actually remember watching that on TV. The media was giving him a lot of flak for it at the time. Something about how wearing the bulletproof jacket made him a hypocrite, which as a kid I thought made sense, and now I realise was an utterly stupid talking point.
If anything it's the opposite, if he's saying that guns are too dangerous to be so accessible then wearing a bulletproof jacket is smart.
If anything it's the opposite, if he's saying that guns are too dangerous to be so accessible then wearing a bulletproof jacket is smart.
lot of flak
if Turnbull was faced with this exact situation today, he would do absolutely nothing. Same with Abbott.
Two things;
Not only that - he only wore the flak vest because his security detail were having kittens. His argument about it was based on the fact that a headshot wouldn't be difficult for a farmer who could pot rabbits and foxes from half a kilometre away
I think he also decided to wear it because if he was shot he would have worried about how his wife would feel knowing he could have had a vest. I'm sure he said that in an interview somewhere.
To be fair, any married man would agree.
I intentionally go without a vest every day in hopes that someone takes me out
That's not how you get a date..
Ha! I'm worth way more dead to my wife. But the same goes for her. We're at a stale mate until our children find out.
... you want to talk about it?
were having kittens
Not super common these days but a great saying none the less.
Yeah, it's more from the older generations.
What does it mean?
Stressing out
Shitting bricks.
Hmm I don't think it's really the same thing. I thought shitting bricks is more like freaking out (fearfully) while having kittens is like freaking out (angry/upset).
Shitting kittens?
Having a coniption
I'm assuming it's similar to "pitching a fit" based on the context
Nervous and stressed.
Shit, we use if all the time in my circles as a 21yr old.
It's not just Australian. I remember April O'Neil saying it to Danny in the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie...
I remember at the time the claims that he only wore the vest to make the protesters seem more like dangerous gun nuts. That it wasn't a security measures.
yeh i remember that as well, tho i'm getting my claim from an interview he gave about it in the late 2000s after he was out of office.
I'm not the biggest Howard fan, but I absolutely respect and appreciate the work he did on gun control.
Everybody showed "class" over that issue.
I hated Howard's guts. I thought he could be petty, small-minded and cruel. I vehemently opposed him. To this day I don't like the man and I reject much of what he stood for...
John Howard's best legacy by a very long way. Props to him.
The Wimmera-Mallee Pipeline is another project green lighted during Howard's time (w/ pressure from Bracks) that is often overlooked. A $700 million project that saves over 1 billion litres of water a year.
Built with the metal recycled from the crushing of guns. Little known fact that I just made up
I give it a week before this ends up on snopes
I give it 24 hours before it’s back on Reddit
Quick make a TIL post
never knew that one.
Didnt hear much of howard getting personally involved in it...
We're in the days where politicians that DON'T kill off valuable public infrastructure projects under the guise of "tightening the budget" are commended. So let's give him a little credit.
Blowering Dan alone holds 1,600 gigalitres.
He must have big hands.
Only a billion? That's a gigalitre. That's actually not that much water in the scheme of a cities water usage. I think the WA water Corp recently saved a few gigaliters a year by reducing system pressure slightly so the pipes didn't leak as much
Looks like our compatriot just misremembered the stats
Yeah that makes more sense. That's roughly a small dams worth
I'm so glad it was him and the Liberal party that implemented these laws. A left learning party like Labor is naturally going to be for gun control, and one would expect the more conservative party to be against it. However, if anyone in the Liberal party opposes gun control then it's seen as going against the legacy of their idol Howard. Australia is in a pretty good position with regards to gun safety.
I don’t think guns were ever ingrained enough in our culture to really become a partisan issue. I don’t find it odd at all that liberals repealed it.
The Nationals were very opposed to it, in fact Howard said that he was very aware as he advocated for the ban within cabinet that some of the members of his cabinet would be forced to give up their guns.
Howard was guilty of a lot of political expediency but on this issue he practically embodied political courage.
I remember John Anderson's appearance on Andrew Denton's Enough Rope several years later. Anderson was the Nationals deputy leader at the time of the ban and buyback. Anderson was talking about how Howard said to him "I'm going to need you to help me sell this", and then asked Anderson what guns he owned. Anderson said to Denton "And I thought... how do I tell him I've got an arsenal of them?".
It was a huge thing. Guns were a part of the landscape here. People forget how much the psyche of the country has changed around guns since port Arthur.
I'm so glad it was him and the Liberal party that implemented these laws
The thing is though, gun control as a left/right issue was never really a big thing until America in the last ~25 years. President Reagan was a vocal supporter of the Brady Act (which banned certain people from owning guns and enforced background checks and waiting periods) drafted and passed by Democrats with input from, and named after, his own press secretary. The Mulford Act banning open carrying was written by Democrats and Republicans together and passed by Reagan. Several of the firearm limiting laws in the 1920s-30s were the work of conservatives against urban gangsters of the prohibition era. In Australia, it was the conservative Alexander Mair who effectively banned handguns in NSW, and members of the Communist Party of Australia who protested it. At times the perception was even the opposite -- that lefties were the gun nuts who wanted everyone packing heat so the revolution could begin while righties were for law and order and keeping Dillinger and Capone away from the kids.
A left learning party like Labor is naturally going to be for gun control










Whether or not you agree with his other choices and views. This was a huge bloody deal that has changed this country in a massive way, this was not an at all easy thing to do. And atleast for me I can not be thankful enough that it happened.
This along with INTERFET in Timor. That certainly wasn't only Howard's doing, but I think it often doesn't get enough acknowledgement as one of Howard's two great legacies. In fact, I don't think INTERFET ever gets acknowledged enough, and is one of the greatest things we have done as a nation IMO. Perhaps the aid given in the wake of the Asian Tsunami could be a number 3 for his government.
The INTERFET operation while good was totally negated by how the same govt. screwed them on the oil and gas fields.
I thought we were arseholes with the oil fields, but don't think that came close to totally negating INTERFET. Sorry, but I find that to be a pretty ridicolous argument. They were being wiped out as a people. Who knows how many would be left without that intervention. It was systematic genocide. It was also very dangerous to us as a nation to do that, and things came close to boiling over a few times.
If only he'd just kept going through West Papua while he was at it and headed off the genocide there too.
I loathe that man, and I can tell you right now that I consider virtually everything else he said or did (or bowled) lies somewhere between disappointing and repugnant. But that act, and in particular that image OP posted or slight variations of it, always springs to mind when I wonder where true political leadership has gone these days. Agreed, 100%.
I hated the cunt but could you imagine Malcolm taking such a stand against (or even for) anything in his whole life?
Malcolm banned fibre to protect the Fairfax children
Shit. I just realised Australia's had 2 "Malcolms" as PM. That seems weird, it's not the most everyday of names. It's not like having multiple Bobs and Johns.
I can't even think of any other Malcolms apart from Blighty and In The Middle.
X
Young (RIP)
Gladwell
McDowell
McLaren
Malcolm III in MacBeth
Malcolm Young! shit, off to centrelink i go, gotta turn in my citizenship now
Well personally I wasn't disappointed by his bowling, I thought it was hilarious.
He also DJs like a mad cunt, let's not forget that.
What a mad cunt
Still one of my favourite pics on the interwebs
the fact he kept trying, thats what really made it.
The other amazing thing he did was East Timor... Yes, he delayed quite a bit until after the election, but Australia's intervention was risking war with Indonesia, and it was us who dragged the US to the table (Australia deployed a huge number of troops for us, and the US moved a carrier to Australia to cover)...
While i agree with you, our treatment of the Timorese since then has been deplorable, from both side of politics.
Whether
As an American who doesn’t own a gun and only uses one for sport hunting,
Every time i read about all the shootings in America, it just seems so unrelatable. I've never in my life given any thought to my safety in public. The only guns i see are on a police officer's belt. And because it's extremely unlikely that anyone else has one, the police rarely feel like they have to use them.
Well, more than 20 years later and we haven't had another mass shooting :-)
Yes, guns are definitely not banned, like everyone says every time this gets brought up.
That and not using them for self defense.
And if you were allowed to carry for self defense it's entirely possible the other person would have one too. I can think of a number of scenarios where a gun would instantly escalate a volatile situation.
I spent my entire school life never once even slightly concerned about getting shot. Guns aren't a part of our culture, and neither is the fear that comes with them.
Basically, we now have more restrictive gun laws thanks to John Howard. At the same time they had a buy-back, where the government bought back all guns that were no longer allowed. The result has been that we haven't had a mass shooting since.
Welcome Seppos.
Say what you want about the man. He held to his convictions. Dare I say he was the last of the "old guard". Before everyone started trying to be everyone's friend.
Peter Dutton doesn't want to be everyone's friend. He wants to be Kylo Ren to Howard's Darth Vader.
Well yeah. Except for Dutton. He's just a cunt.
Those signs lol

Honestly if you tried to do this in the US there would be a damn near civil war. You couldn’t pay people enough to go door to door to collect guns.
yeah it wont work here. not because of the theory or the idea or the politics behind it (idk about those things), people just wont give up their guns.
That's kind of the idea though.
damn near? Nah. It'd be a civil war, full stop. And a bloodbath of a war, at that.
plus completely infeasible to implement the way Australia did it. The Australian government bought everyone's guns back and a lot of people got more money than they paid for the guns originally. The US government would bankrupt itself trying to do this...
Every person I knew that handed back guns did so at a loss.
Guns are not actually banned in Australia.
Slightly off-topic as the majority of Australians did support this move - but I wish more politicians would realise that doing the right thing, even if it isn’t popular yet, is what will cement you in the history books. The argument, « how can I help my constituents if I don’t stay in power » turns into a short-term goal of how can I win the next election. Btw I don’t have an answer for this conundrum - :(
There go my people. I must find out where they are going so I may lead them.



I’ve been seeing quite a few posts that claim the gun regulations here in Australia were either unnecessary due to mass shootings not being a problem or ineffective because there have been some mass killings with guns since they were introduced. I just thought I’d make this post in which I will attempt to sort out some of the misinformation floating around regarding gun control in Australia (for the purposes of this post I define mass shootings as any event in which a person or multiple people shoots 4 or more people in a public area or areas in one incident. Excluding gang related incidents).
Clip from the ABC Documentary "The Howard Years" on this period: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4WgWYjavEc
This will well and truly be buried, but i would like to clarify something. In a lot of these posts, it is described as Australia banned guns...we didnt. We banned some kind of guns (mainly semi automatic rifles) and severly limited pistol ownership. Getting a gun after the ban was just as difficult/easy as before the ban.
Just another Australian echoing the sentiment that I was politically opposed to everything Howard did as Prime Minister but absolutely respect and agreed with his move to ban semi-automatic weapons. In case any of our American brethren check out these comments I want them to see this overwhelming sentiment repeated. Our country is better for it.
Poster from last years gun amnesty: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cc/National_Firearms_Amnesty_Print_Advertisement.pdf
I'd rather a liberal party run by Howard than the circus clowns we have now.
The Abbott/Turnbull governments are basically a continuation of the Howard government in policy.
The only reason South Korea uses so much broadband, he continued, is because kids are playing games. "There's no role for government in facilitating that roll-out," he said. "My kids don't need any help in that regard."
I hate that so much. It would be nice to download a new program for design or something within the hour rather than waiting until the next day.
A more rational conservatism would certainly be a welcome replacement for the flailing pile of reactionaries that currently passes for a government.
Hear Hear!
Fucking nailed it.
It's the same coalition lot. Back then they just concealed it better.
No way. Everything thats fucked up with the economy now can trace its roots to Howard. Housing, low wage growth, rising private health, gutted schools and hospitals, no savings from the mining boom, poor infrastructure spending, private debt, CGT concessions, negative gearing, corporate tax loopholes, pissing money away to boomers...
Oh man, i really wish you hadn't used that "final" word.
final mass shooting don’t jinx it jeez
I don't understand all these Americans coming in here like "this would never happen in America, your government is shit blah blah". Okay. Well, this is the - yknow - Australian subreddit, it's not really all about you guys; the shit happening in your country just reminded us of a big event in our history...
If they pulled this in the US, every polly would need to be put in a bunker until things died down.
I remember an interview after he lost government where he said that he wasn't going to wear the vest because he didn't really believe he was in danger but his security insisted. He later regreted that decision.
Never liked Liberals and never liken John Howard but love him or hate him was the greatest thing he did in his term as leader. He bulldozed that agenda through parliament. It’s to date the greatest thing a leader has done for the country in my lifetime.
Can anyone r/theydidthemaths on the $500 million on medical research for the 20ish years? I'm genuinely curious.
500 million AUD in USD was about 360 million in 1996. That is equal to 561 million USD today. the CDC in the USA will spend about 6 billion today. the NIH spent about 12 billion USD in 1996 and about 30 billion USD in 2017.
I can't stand John Howard, but this is one of the greatest moments in Australia's political history. We saw, we endured, we mourned, we listened, we learned.
Look at all that flannel.
Back when politicians weren't craven to their base's beliefs, but instead chose to lead by example.
wait, shouldnt democratically elected politicians be obligated to support the beliefs of the base that voted them in?
Shhh, these are the same people that think Trump is a populist but the "free everything" candidates are somehow not.
So basically what the same man started in 2001 re. refugees and terrorism.
I'm not trying to be an asshole at all, but would you say the same thing if they chose to do the same thing with same sex marriage?
I don't know if you're trying to be ironic but it was Howard who caused the SSM problem in the first place.
I'm pretty sure that SSM support was like 55% for even among Libs voters in most polls, which is why everyone thought that it was a waste of time and money to have a plebiscite postal survey.
Please stop saying that he banned guns, he didn't. It really confuses pro gun Americans, and makes them get in a huff.
First, Australia has no "right to bear arms" in our Constitution, we don't even have a bill of rights to begin with.
Howard made a legacy that day. People might forget his errors, but they’ll remember this.
I don’t like the man, but admire this decision.
Having said that, it cost Queensland premier Rob Borbidge his job, as he knew it would, yet he would rather be voted out than risk the gun laws falling flat.
Quite a few reports, but this is an important part of our recent past.
/r/politics is the subreddit for current and explicitly political U.S. news.
As a reminder, this subreddit is for civil discussion.
Nearly a year ago, on Feb. 28, 2017, President Trump signed H.J. Res. 40, effectively ending the Social Security Administration's requirement to enter the names of people who receive mental health benefits into the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. This is the database used by the FBI to determine who is able to purchase firearms.


































It should be noted that Obama called it potentially unconstitutional and it was opposed by the ACLU who think that the second amendment is a communal not an individual right and is very open about wanting more gun control.
I really appreciate that this subreddit has broken the anti-Trump circle jerk to agree this headline is awful.
There's a big difference between receiving mental health benefits and being mentally unfit to own a firearm. Many of the people receiving these benefits were people that just needed help managing their finances.
Yeah I mean..
What kind of stupid idiotic fucking law is that?
The law concerned a list kept by the Social Security Administration of people who receive Social Security payments but have been judged incompetent to manage their own affairs due to mental deficiency, in most cases meaning someone else gets their Social Security check on their behalf. It did not impact anyone who simply sought mental help, only those who were judged incompetent by a proper governmental authority.
Thanks for the additional information
TL:DR: Gun laws banning mentally ill people from owning firearms has existed before the bill by Obama and exists after the remova.
I am very much against Trump, but I agree with what you just said 100%
Research on the relationship between gun violence and mental illness shows that the vast majority of mentally ill individuals are not violent or suicidal. Our group at Duke recently published a study of approximately 82,000 people diagnosed with serious mental illnesses in Florida between 2002 and 2011. We found that those with serious mental health disorders with records in the public behavioral health system were no more likely than the general adult population in Florida to use a gun to harm others (about 213 vs. 217 gun crimes per 100,000 people per year)[1]
mental health benefits
Probably, I know the US Army didn't care to distinguish between that and like, full on paranoid hallucinations.
Looks down at Notepad
This was a change I actually agree with
The regulation in question focused on Social Security recipients that needed help managing their financial affairs. That's not the same as being ruled mentally defective by a judge, which is how we currently bar people from purchasing guns. The regulation was overturned by the House because it denied due process.
Thank you sane person! Thank you! I'm going through the comments and people think they're using reason, but they're really using fear and misinformation. Or at least are uninformed.
I wish comments like this would rocket to the top. This headline should be marked as misleading.
Good point. On the other hand, they would have been given notice and and the opportunity to appeal.
On the other hand, they would have been given notice and and the opportunity to appeal.
That rule is the one that the ACLU objected to as well as those on the right, unless people think they work for Trump and Putin.
That's a pretty gross misrepresentation of what the bill actually did. The ACLU actually supported the presidents action to remove the law. In their words..

That’s not a good headline for people though.
Trump voting republicans have now killed more Americans in terrorist attacks than foreign terrorists.
"But antifa is the real threat... right?!"
















Nah the real threat is a father/daughter dance getting cancelled at some school somewhere. Western civilization is on it knees!
On T__D someone said that these shootings are caused by the lack of nuclear family values, wish I screenshotted it because of the irony of Trump with Stormy Daniels.
The fuck. The one that hurts the most is the bottom right guy "The left is trying to split us into tribes... I've got mine's back."
and they are far more tribal, which can be seen in polling flips. Dems tend to only flip by a few percentage points. Republicans flip by 2/3rds the party.
Fucking hell.
They are not even debating anymore, they're on full-out war mode.
"God given right enshrined in the Constitution"
The constitution at this point is basically just the American bible to them. And much like the actual bible they conveniently cherry pick which parts are important and skew it to their narrative.
You too can question their sanity in r/topmindsofreddit with many lols too.
Trump has also been supplying the mentally ill with trendy hats.
At least they're self identifying.
This is the only upside from Trump. A person's support for him tells me all I need to know about that person.
That's my mother :( I wish she was able to use her brain.
Both of my parents which is super fucked bc my husband was an undocumented immigrant when I met him. My dad accompanied me to the immigration jail I married my husband at.
Don't forget to resist the urge to punch.
*trendy hats (that are Made in China).
It’s “trendy” the same way confederate flags are “trendy”; its a symbol of how you can be easily tricked.
Don't forget about how there was that whole confederate flag trend among southern rock bands in the 90s and early 2000s.
It's regrettable that the USA let a symbol of treason become trendy to display at all. They need to be reminded that is what it is and stop playing along with the 'mah heritage' defense. Well if that's the case, your heritage is supporting treason.
Trump voting republicans have now killed more Americans in terrorist attacks than foreign terrorists since 9/11.
That's what I was wondering. Important distinction to make. Don't cherry pick data. Thanks for clarifying.
This administration has done nothing to combat anti-government and extreme rightwing terrorism. On the contrary, they have rescinded previous programs and laws and have created a breeding ground for more domestic terrorism. Many of us have been warning that the current political atmosphere, from rhetoric to actions, breeds extremity.
The Trump administration cut funding for Life After Hate, a non profit that seeks to help white supremacists leave racist movements and hate groups.
Over 3000?
You clearly didn’t read the article and everyone in the subreddit should be ashamed. This is the epitome of fake news. People just bending the facts to fit their narrative.
Guns don’t kill people. Oh wait. Nevermind.
Guns don't kill people.
You know that's categorically false right?
it's almost like violent unstable people are drawn to religious and political cults....
I don’t even understand why actual religious people like Trump. He’s the least Christian president ever!
He's white and Republican so that automatically makes him Christan. They will call Obama a Muslim even though he isn't and call him the devil while he has one of the healthiest family values I've seen in a long time.
Like some kind of anti-jesus? A reverse-christ? Wish there was a good term for this.
I don’t even understand why actual religious people like Trump. He’s the least Christian president ever!
Marketing. Republican = Conservative = Christian, therefore we must vote for the R
Nearly a year ago, on Feb. 28, 2017, President Trump signed H.J. Res. 40, effectively ending the Social Security Administration's requirement to enter the names of people who receive mental health benefits into the National Instant Criminal Background Check System.
The Trump/Russia era seems to be about:
this legitimately scared me, because of its accuracy.
Don't be. There will never be an armed revolution in this country as long as the standard of living remains high. People who are even remotely comfortable don't risk their lives taking up arms over politics.
as long as the standard of living remains high.
I wouldn't say never, but it will be difficult to shake Americans from their slumber. Once politicians start going after their Netflix, Hulu, and Youtube, that's when we will likely see people take to the streets. However, by then it will be too late.
Please explain why politicians will ever go after the tool that is used to placate the masses?
Some entertainment contains subversive messages dangerous to people in power, if the populace acts on them. V for Vendetta, Serpico, Fahrenheit 9/11, An Inconvenient Truth, Handmaid's Tale. It's the same reason why governments have banned books and film in the past- ideas are power.
.....
Well, the FCC did vote to eliminate Net Neutrality so we are definitely going to see consequences of that unless Congress does the right thing and brings NN back. We'll see how that goes.
I'm not entirely disagreeing with you, but the American revolution was carried out by a bunch of people who lived better, longer, healthier, happier lives than most people in Europe at the time. Certainly, your point is true in some instances, but it's not as simple as saying happy people never rebel.
Let them revolt. I bet the military and law enforcement would love to have an excuse to curbstomp Trump and anyone who buys into his subversion of their institutions. Trump's got a solid human garbage inner circle but he's not smart enough or powerful enough to turn those whole institutions with their centuries of history to his side. He asks for "loyalty" and gets laughed at. There are more James Comeys than Stephen Millers.
I think the military and law enforcement for the most part would be more excited to curbstomp the dissenters from the left.
I hope you're right. Having police join the redhats would be quite a blow
Wait, you think the police in this country are liberals?
What kind of people do you think want to be legally allowed to carry a weapon and boss people around? The police force is very right leaning.
Posts like this give this sub a bad reputation. It's about a decision made a year ago, supported by the ACLU. Support of inaccurate reporting like this only strengthens his base's issues with mainstream news sources and misleads more people the longer it stays up.
I think it's time the NRA gets listed as a terrorist organization.
Let's not forget that the NRA has been infiltrated by Russians and is under investigation.
Solid as always. At this point I recognize PoppinKREAM posts without looking at the username.
Always appreciate your posts poppinkream.
Watch Ted Cruz' response on gun control (skip to 1:35) on Fox and Friends where he bashes Democrats for politicizing the issue and then immediately politicizes it and bashes Obama. What does it mean that we shouldn't politicize the issue? Isn't that inherent idea? To put policies in place to mitigate these things from happening?
Oh my god watching that video of Barack carefully lay out his response was surreal. Articulate, thoughtful, logical, and supported by fact and reason. It reminded me of how a professor might get a point across in class. Such a stark contrast to what y'all have today.
He's just mad because the shooter was his son.
If he's Ted Cruz's son that means Ted Cruz is human though?
That's a great response by Barack
I would like a leveled-headed republican and pro-gun individual who didn't agree with Barack's response to respond. I can't see two ppl from opposite sides of the aisle disagreeing with him.
What about the ACLU? They supported the repeal of this law.
Know somebody who gives money to the NRA? Let em know they are donating to a terrorist organization no different than ISIS.
Life member here!
no different than ISIS
Except ISIS has countless videos of them slicing people’s heads off with knives, making kids execute people, drowning people in a cage, lighting people on fire, etc. THe NRA might be bad but they are nowhere close to ISIS.
very different from ISIS in the sense that they're responsible for a lot more American deaths. ISIS could only wish to be that successful
And funded by Russia
One of the overarching long-term goals of ISIS is to drive a wedge between westernized Muslim communities and the societies that they call home. If Muslims feel ostracized and hated by their fellow countrymen, that only helps ISIS. That is the primary goal of their international terrorist attacks - killing 'infidels' is secondary to sowing division. Dead westerners are only a means to an end.
Don't start the ISIS comparisons. There is plenty to criticize already.
Chances are they wouldn't care, and thats an optimistic prediction.Many would probably be happy to spend their money in order to terrorize liberals cuz "librul tears" and claim it's their "heritage"while waving a confederate flag and wearing a MAGA hat.
So you're suggesting to provoke the nut-jobs with hyperbole ... Somehow I don't think that is the answer.
Nearly a year ago, on Feb. 28, 2017, President Trump signed H.J. Res. 40, effectively ending the Social Security Administration's requirement to enter the names of people who receive mental health benefits into the National Instant Criminal Background Check System.
Yes and no.
The legislation in question affected Social Security recipients. It had nothing to do with yesterday's shooting.
But but but but, muh Trump-hate. What do I do with it now? Have an actual reasoned discussion, like some kind of communist?
The ACLU already posted an article agreeing with trump and calling this fake news.
Misleading... the vote was against social security disability status being part of the background check. Letting the SSA bureaucrat determine if a citizen is denied a second amendment right is unconstitutional and was voted down.
The ACLU was against this particular rule, it was a very badly executed very good idea.
I must say I'm no Trump supporter, by any stretch.
As a forgein viewer I can say that this sub is heavily anti trump.
That rule was terrible. Can't balance your checkbook? No gun for you. No that's not an exaggeration - if you couldn't handle your own social security finances you were going to be put on the NCIS no buy list.
It really isn't an exageration at all. Every time this law gets mentioned it's a huge circlejerk on reddit that entirely ignores how bad the executive order was to begin with.
To reddit, there's no bad gun law. No matter how random or unjustified or irrelevant to public safety, if it does something to restrict guns or gun ownership, reddit is for it.
I have PTSD from a non military related trauma. I don't see why I should lose my constitutional rights or be on a special government list because of my disability. I have no desire to own a gun but this troubles me.


Yeah I mean, I don't support Trump any more than another person on this sub, but I have to agree with this one.
This is way oversimplified. Congress acted to pass a bill that was supported by the ACLU and NIH (neither of which are particularly right wing let alone pro gun) as well as yes the NRA. The rule that was implace was that anyone including old people and anyone with any degree of mental disability who because of those reasons cannot handle their own finances were put on the criminal background check as inelligible to purchase firearms. This rule was put in place by a government finance agency that has literally no jurisdiction in what firearm laws. To say that people because of mental impairment who can't handle their own finances are inherently violent and dangerous is stupid and absurd. Needless to say this rule was ultra vires if not blatantly unconstitutional. But of course why look at the facts when you can just get a dunk on Trump in front of people who don't know any better.
So no one here is actually familiar with the law in question?
wow, even abc is jumping on the yellow journalism band wagon.
Mentally ill people still have rights, redditors. They can't have them removed without due process.
You mean the one the ACLU objected to as well?
There was a bill a while ago that proposed that people on a terror list be banned from owning a gun, the bill was shot down.
It was shot down because it's a terrible idea. Many many people on that terrorist no fly list are there just because they have a name similar to a known terrorist. There's 2 year olds on that list who've never killed anyone or even used a big boy potty yet. Plus, it's impossible to get yourself off that list because there's no real legal recourse available to anyone because the list and its keepers is so secretive.
yep, one of my friends had to get an ID card type thing from Homeland Security because he shares the name of a drug dealer on the no-fly list.
The no-fly list is a secret Executive Branch list. Do you really want Trump given the ability to restrict any Constitutional right (which means all Constitutional rights) to people he doesn't like? If so you'd be contrary to the ACLU's position, which was VERY against expanding the No-Fly list into a No-Buy list.
Also the No-fly list has no real system to challenge to be taken off. You're effectively creating a list that would strip people of what the courts deem a constitutional right, and no clear framework to appeal this or change it. That wouldn't make any sense.
And notably, the ACLU stays the fuck away from the 2nd Amendment.
The ACLU was also FOR Trump making the rule change this story is about.
this is the problem with people who only read the headline. They think it’s true. Even politifact would rate this “highly misleading”
This entire subreddit seems nothing but misleading. It has nothing but liberally charged titles. Post anything leaning right and watch it get vote brigaded right off /new/ in just a few minutes.
Right. That's why I phrased it like I did.
This is my one beef with the ACLU as an organization whose mission is protecting our rights
You can only deprive someone of their civil rights by due process of the law
So you want the secret list, void of due process, to be used to strip Americans of their rights? Sounds a little fashy to me.
How about a list of terror suspects who aren't allowed to buy guns that's overseen by a Court with certain reasonal burdens of proof that must be met, similar to a warrent?
See the thing is, that was an actual bill that was proposed as an alternative to the terrorist watch list bill.
Not really. I don't want to legitimize what I think is an illegal list.
So you support the government removing your rights without due process? Do you know the criteria for being added on the terror list, or is it secret?
The aclu supported ending this as well. But oh wait blame Trump
This is mental illness shaming. Most murderers and shooters don't even have a recorded mental illness.
This isn't really true.
So...his tweet blaming the neighbors was in very poor taste. In reality, it's Trump's fault as well as any other politician who pushed NRA rhetoric. Fuck these greedy pieces of shit politicians who don't fight for us common folk.
No, he didn't. The "rule" was proposed in December of 2016 and never went into effect. Also the ACLU was against the "rule."
This is really disingenuous. The ACLU campaigned to have this rule removed as well.
Because it's not how due process works. Because it would mean people who have custodial accounts would have their rights stripped away for no reason.

I cant believe the ACLU supported trump in revoking that rule. Those guys are terrorists too! I mean it was actually about due process but don't let that stop you from spouting a bunch of nonsense regarding it.
This is just sick misinformation you guys.
Absolutely misleading.
NEW TO REDDIT? CLICK HERE!
He stayed in the military for 3 years after that.
Yeah, that's some next level badassery right there.
If I saw a someone who just had their arm blown off charging at me with a grenade and machine gun, I would quit right there.
I once called into work because I didn’t know how to tie a tie. My girlfriend had did it for me and that morning she was gone. So I spent the whole day learning lol, never again.
I had a similar problem, so I asked myself, "what would Jesus do?" Then I showed up to the funeral in my bathrobe and sandals.
So you're The Dude?
El Duderino, if you're not into the whole brevity thing.
I only have to wear a tie like once every 6 months, so I have to watch a video every time to remember how. I like this one because it has fun music and he has a nice voice.
Are you kidding? Youtube that shit once and learn a goddamn full windsor.
Nah, half windsor looks at least half as good in half the time.
Once it's done once just never completely untie it. Just loosen it and you won't have to worry about it unless you get a new tie that is.
Chesty Puller, father of the Marine Corps:
"Where do you mount the bayonet?"
Get stabbed by a bayonet before being engulfed in flames.
Did you ever play Fallout: New Vegas? You're reminding me of Cook-Cook.
I'll never forget the look on his face, mainly because it was worth so many caps.
I'm amazed Warhammer 40k doesn't yet have automatic barbecue stick
I bet some greenskin has one.
https://1d4chan.org/wiki/Burna_Boyz
That guy seems to have been a mall ninja and an actual badass at the same time.
Mall ninjas aspire to be this man.
Marines literally worship him, he was awarded five Navy Crosses and an Army Distinguished Service Cross, plus a chest-full of other metals, and there's mild debate if a few of those should have been Metals of Honor. He was wounded in combat, let Marines into combat in some of the most brutal battles in the Pacific, the landing at Inchon in the Korean war, and the battle of Chosin Resevoir (which was where he made the "we're surrounded" quote, because the 1st Marine Division was surrounded and outnumbered 10-1 by the Chinese Army, but fought their way back to friendly lines nearly 80 miles away in sub-zero temperatures while inflicting massive casualties on the Chinese). He's an absolute legend.
Metal?
Quote from Starcraft 2 Heart of the Swarm:
There's about a million of these quotes, and half are attributed to US Army paratroopers during the Battle of the Bulge, and the other half are attributed to Chesty Puller, and none of them are probably real.
I mean, or people end up saying similar things to their troops when surrounded and facing near certain death.
"We're paratroopers! We're supposed to be surrounded" is what I think the actual quote (supposedly) is.
Semper fi Chesty Puller
Or dire necessity.
In ancient times? Read some 20th century history. During the first days of the Korean War, American units "withdrew without permission", quite often leaving people behind.
I decided not to call out of work 20 mins before this morning.
Fuckkk I still want to call off.
Yeah, well, I ran out of milk for my cereal this morning and only cried for 7 minutes.
He still loses points for not just throwing the whole arm though imo...
Obviously it would have thrown off the trajectory.
Have you tried throwing a whole arm with only one arm? You gotta remember, he could no longer two-hand that shit.
Not just throwing a whole arm. Throwing a whole arm with his off-hand, which just became his primary by virtue of traumatic amputation.
For a country that, at the time, hated him because of his heritage.
Daniel Inouye: Returning to prejudice Even a decorated soldier in uniform experienced racial prejudice back home.
What an honourable man
His battalion had something like 60 medal of honor recipients. Ken Burns World War 2 documentary covered it. Inouye told a story about how his father drove him to the train station to take him to basic training. His father said something like this.
My grandfather served with him! 442 Regiment, E Company. They remained friends for years after the war, and back in 2000 I got to meet him in his senate office.
Why are they all Japanese? Were they segregated into their own company?
Not just the company, but the regiment. It's the most decorated unit for it's size/length of service of any in American history.
They kept sending them on suicide missions and they kept coming back successful
Like a real life Bad Company
BC2 best Battlefield
Hmm. So they were some sort of suicide squad.
GET OUT
A much better movie.
THIS IS KATANA! SHE'S GOT MY BACK!
I WOULD ADVISE NOT GETTING KILLED BY HER.
HER SWORD SUCKS THE SOUL OUT OF ITS VICTIMS!
And me? They call me “Exposition Man.” My super power is providing random exposition to avoid any need for actual storytelling and... I’m doing again, aren’t I?
I’m imagining the Rambo ending scene here
When cannon fodder keeps fighting you fucking award them. Which is probably why they're so decorated. I wouldnt be surprised if the african american regiments in the civil war fought with any similar vigor had the been used for anything other than general battle field maitenance.
They did: fort Wagner, port Hudson, chaffin’s farm.
Yup, the 369th Infantry regiment called the Harlem Hellfighters.
That was WWI, not the Civil War. Still a great example of “exemplary cannon fodder,” though.
Yea they were and they were/are the most decorated unit in US history.
Yes they were. It was a common practice until the US army completely desegregated during the Korean War. Two of the most well known are the Harlem Hellfighters and the Tuskegee airmen. I would highly recommend looking into their stories and acts of bravery the men in those regiments did.
They were put together to prove they were loyal Americans. Most AJAs were relocated to camps because of their ancestry yet no case of espionage was ever attributed to them. Now Germans and Italians were another matter.
Yes. Japanese Americans weren’t even allowed to enlist until 1943 and were sent exclusively to Europe in segregated units. For a while, they had to have white officers too (non coms, at least, not sure otherwise)
The US Armed Forces integrated in 1948. Prior to that year, units were racially segregated. War measures originally prohibited Japanese-Americans from serving, but that policy was changed to allow a single unit comprised of Hawaiian and Internment Camp Nisei. However that unit was restricted to the European theater.
The US Armed Forces integrated in 1948. Prior to that year, units were racially segregated. 
Yes, basically. The 442nd was formed from second-generation Japanese-Americans, the sons of Japanese immigrants, recruited from Japanese internment camps.
A lot of people were suspicious of Japanese Americans during ww2 so they put all the Japanese Americans who volunteered in one unit
Crazy story of a soldier during WW2 pushing through pain and loss of limb? 442nd? Not surprised. Those guys were freaking crazy. 14,000 men served, and between them they earned 9,486 Purple Hearts.!)
I have a great story about meeting Senator Inouye!
When's the movie come out?
He has a Drunk History segment about him. It's pretty awesome.
For the curious: Season 2, Episode 7. Narrator is the super-talented and hilarious Phil Hendrie. One of my favorite episodes.
Steven Yuen plays Inoue.
As soon as they cast a white guy for the role
Or half asian, half mexican, half jamican and full white
With a British accent of course
Let’s just get Matt Damon nice and tan :-0
ScarJo is apparently trying to audition for it.
The female love interest has to stay Japanese though.
One handed: 100
Unarmed*: 100
Disarmed?
God damnit
He was a Medal of Honor recipient for his service and a posthumous recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom. According to his congressional website, his last word before passing was "Aloha", saying goodbye to this world or perhaps hello to another.
Citation:
And here I am pissed my hot pocket scalded the roof of my mouth. Some men are born warriors I suppose, and then there are the giants among men like this man.
I've heard a lot of last words and I think that might be the best so far.
Slightly on topic, the worst last words may possibly have come from a member of a group of Westerners traveling through feudal Japan. Finding the road blocked by a band of samurai, he turned to his companions and said: "Let me talk to them, I know how to deal with these people." The samurai decapitated him for not bowing.
"They couldn't hit an elephant at this distance." General John Sedgwick, just before he was shot by a sniper
I don’t think he actually finished the word distance, but I might be wrong
I've heard that story as well, but from everything I've seen, that seems to be apocryphal. One eyewitness said that he told the general they were using explosive ammunition, and the General had turned to say something to him, but before he could get a word out, he was shot.
Oh, well damn, still a good last though, thanks for clearing it up
"What are you gonna do, stab me?" -quote from man stabbed
This sounds like something Owen Wilson would say.
Wow.
Hahaha yeah that funny.
Heads rolled for that
He was a member of the 442nd regimental combat team, a unit of Japanese-American soldiers that fought in Italy in World War Two. Interestingly enough, when a movie called Go For Broke was made about their exploits in 1951, the cast was largely made up of actual veterans of the 442nd.
My personal favorite, albeit unverified, are the last words of Mexican warlord/revolutionary Pancho Villa:
If you’ve ever seen Gangs of New York, the real Bill the Butchers last words really were “I die a true American”
He was also the President Pro Tempore of the Senate for a long time... For obvious reasons. He was seen by both sides as being the most badass dude in the Senate.

And on his way home from the war he stopped for a haircut in Oakland, California. He was in uniform with his arm missing and the barber simply told him they don't cut Jap hair.








Jesus. People can be such cunts
The racism in this era was pretty extreme and more widespread than commonly believed.
Also reinforced by years of wartime propaganda.
As sad as it is- that’s an understatement. Our own government pretty much sponsored racism at the time. (See Korematsu v US)
Oh yeah. I had an awesome AP gov teacher who was really passionate about civics, American society, creating a more perfect union, etc.
I mean, that was pretty much the height of Jim Crow. No one should have any delusions about that era, but here we are
Most people wouldn’t think Jim Crow extended to California or the Great Lakes, yet racism was prevalent in both.
Well, the US literally rounded up all the Japanese people in the country and put them in camps so that (white, obviously) farmers in California could steal their land, so...
Here's an anecdote for you, which I heard from my dad, whose dad (my grandfather) served with Inouye.
Even people leaving the internment camps found life outside the barbed wires after the war just as bad, if not worse, than being imprisoned for almost 4 years.
White folks don't know how to give us a good haircut anyway.
pretty sure there isn't a whole lot of difference when it comes to the high and tight.
I've had that same haircut done in multiple countries and it literally looks the same regardless of who did it.
Went to a Turkish barber for the first time a few months ago and now great clips is dead to me
Did they thread your ears and eyebrows?
No just my pubes
I worked on Capitol Hill for several years and Senator Inouye was one of the (few) people there I very much admired and liked.
This is amazing. Thanks for sharing!
He was an amazing man. I was genuinely sad when he passed away. I wish we had more like him but, alas.
This man is so incredibly bad-ass and heroic.
We all owe it to ourselves and to him to read that Wikipedia article. Holy mother of fuck, the guy was a god damn Terminator... Here's an excerpt regarding his military service (bolding mine to point out the most badass parts) [edit: notice how most of the text is bold]:
Fortune favors the bold and all that. With that said, holy shit if you saw that in a movie nobody would fault you for calling bullshit.
And never forget, this was while Japanese-Americans were being placed in internment camps. While Inouye's family - being from Hawaii - were not sent to camps, the vast majority of the 442nd were from the camps or had family there.
Never underestimate someone with a chip on his shoulder.
Or in this case, the non-throwing arm.


I had two great uncles who fought with the 442nd. One came back with a silver star, bronze stars, and purple hearts for taking out a machine gun nest alone after his brother died in his arms.
Damn, that's badass but also very sad. I can't imagine losing my brother, let alone in my arms in the midst of a war.
Fun fact: Japanese women married to white men were not send into the camps, but white women married to Japanese men were
America: hilariously racist and sexist
My dad and his brothers also served in the 442nd. My uncle on my mother's side served as well while his wife was in an internment camp. Many of my parent's friends shunned them when the war started.
highest decorated unit in WWII.
Helps when you have something at home to fight for (your family) instead of fighting for countries you've never even been to. Also I hate internment camps, don't crucify me.
I'm pretty sure hating interment camps is a agreed upon popular opinion
Highest ranking Asian member of congress in history and at one point was 3rd in line for the presidency from 2010-2012
Met him at a local cafe in Hilo, Hawaii during this time, he was having lunch with the Mayor of the island. Because he was third in line for the presidency, he had a full secret service detail, all decked out in Aloha shirts. At the time too, he had been the senate only 4 years less than Hawaii had been a state.
Secret service in Aloha shirts sounds s'badass.
It took a few minutes to click... “Why do all these guys have earpieces, dark sunglasses, and matching perfectly ironed Aloha shirts?”
Someone needs to tell them to plan ahead in the future and toss those shirts in a pile for three weeks then hurriedly throw one on while rushing out the door if they truly want to blend in.
They actually don't want to blend in. It's a deterrent/presence of power thing.
They probably do blend in, just the ones that they allow you to notice purposefully don't.
They wear what is appropriate for what their protectee and others around them are wearing. Casual clothes for Hawaii, golf clothes on a course, suits for events. They don't want to "blend in" just dress appropriately for the occasion.
Im not sure if they truly do, at least, not all of them. Just being there surrounding the person of interest gives some deterent to any potential attacker.
Hawaii 5-0 badass
All equipped with CCWs
Not gonna lie, if I was killed by a Secret Service agent who only used coconuts as weapons I would totally have that inscribed on my tombstone.
What if the coconuts are used to conceal even more coconuts....
Aren’t cluster coconuts banded by the Geneva Convention?
The name's Bubbles. Cobra Bubbles.
he had been the senate
TIL Emperor Palpatine was based on a real dude.
"I AM the Senate"
Not, yet.





He never lost an election in the Senate from the time that Hawaii gained statehood in 1959 until his death in 2012. That's actually insane! He must have had a huge impact on the formative politics that shaped modern Hawaiian society.
I would hate to be his competitors... Dude just has to say "Boi, I taken several bullets for my country, and had my arm blown off with a live grenade, and I still got my fucking job done!" to have my vote.
That's nothing. Trump took several bone spurs for his country and was blown off by a porn star and still hasn't gotten the job done.
Dr. S. I. Hayakawa wasn't just another fine Senator, either.
He served the one term as senator. Hayakawa certainly served with distinction, but from a straight comparison of terms, Inouye had him beat.
The allegations were made during a campaign to smear him during an election . That barber continued cutting his hair for 20 years. Pretty bullshit if you to edit a top comment with election crap.
So I know it's dumb but reading this made me think they did that specifically because of this incident, which immediately reminded me of this: https://imgur.com/pxfafh0
I had an internship in Congress as a college kid. As some of you may know there’s a little underground light rail system that connects the Capitol building with the office buildings on the Senate and House sides of the complex. I absolutely loved riding this thing, especially when members were going to and from the Capitol for a vote.
He shouldn't have pried it out. It was already an armed and handed grenade.
Silly soldier, you shouldn't be disarming your own weapons.
Yeah but he was disarmed
First Marines division. Battle of Guadalcanal. A 3-man machinegunner team is set up. The Japanese assault began at 3 in the morning. One of the men was KIA. Several rounds have hit the M1917's water jacket. The crew's commander Diamond was hit in the arms, rendering him unable to operate the Browning. The remaining member, Schmid, took over operation and the reloading of the gun with aid from Diamond.
That sounds like a great movie climax.
Have you seen the HBO mini-series The Pacific? It details part of the Battle of Guadalcanal and it was really fascinating.
Three men stood strong and they held out for long
I forgive ya, but my Tommy gun sure don't!
I’m not one for violence and wars but...hell yeah. That’s bad ass.
Also got shot in the stomach and leg during the assault
So pretty badass from our perspective but probably a pretty shitty day overall for him.
Reminds me of Lachhiman Gurung, the Gurkha who killed over 30 Japanese soldiers literally single-handedly, because a grenade blew up in one of them.
Someone saw drunk history
Came looking for this comment, just watched a marathon last night and the Hawaii one was featured.
That's more Duke Nukem than Duke Nukem.
They should think about nerfing him in the next patch.

TL;DR: Daniel Inouye was more of a badass than Rambo.
Bad mother fucker right there.
Hope they have a wheelbarrow at the gates of heaven for his giant balls
As he led his platoon in a flanking maneuver, three German machine guns opened fire from covered positions 40 yards away, pinning his men to the ground. Inouye stood up to attack and was shot in the stomach. Ignoring his wound, he proceeded to attack and destroy the first machine gun nest with hand grenades and his Thompson submachine gun. When informed of the severity of his wound, he refused treatment and rallied his men for an attack on the second machine gun position, which he successfully destroyed before collapsing from blood loss.
Man, and I thought the guy who tournaquetted his leg with the beheaded body of the snake that bit him was badass.
How does reddit work? Click here to find out.
People can be very dumb and very mean. The parents of the children killed in Sandy Hook are still dealing with harassment from people such as telling them they need to exhume the bodies to 'prove it happened'.
I cannot fucking believe your comment is marked as controversial.
I just don't understand the thought process...
Thats the dumb part.
I had someone the other day on this very site tell me, word for word, “I’d rather they (the 17 children) die than to give up my right to defend my family”.
unfortunately, this (often cited) tweet from 2015 seems to be frightenly accurate: https://twitter.com/dpjhodges/status/611943312401002496
That is a devastating statement.
Made more so by the fact that I can't think of anything to reply to it with.
Statistically, once the firearm is in the house, the risk of it being used by one family member on another, or an accident, is probably higher that some sort of home invasion.
Exactly. That doesn’t fit the narrative though, so I wouldn’t expect the NRA to tell us that in their fear-mongering ads
Not their style. Their current style is to make thinly veiled suggestions that good, gun-totin' Mericans take up arms against whoever the fuck theyre suggesting is 'holding a knife to the throat of America' or whatever the fuck that ad said.
Seems to me, with that kind of dangerous, empty rhetoric that they are the ones holding the knife..
And projecting, and leading the narrative.
The US Centers for Disease Control did a study of gun violence. They determined that a gun in the household is 42X more likely to be used to hurt a household member, family, or friend than to hurt an intruder. The study would have come to more conclusions, but Congress immediately stepped in and de-funded it.
I also wish to point something out here. I'm a 31 yr old with a 7 yr old daughter, I live in Canada and I grew up on the bases and around guns my whole life. I have no gun in my house, my father undertook a bit a chore everyday when he got home, only way he brought a gun in the house was if he removed the firing pin (that's his claim) now more to my point.
For anyone thinking 'oh shit oh shit I've got a fingerprint safe in my house', there are safes/locks where you can't just do this. If you spend a decent chunk of money you can get locks that need to be drilled out with a diamond bit (e.g. Assa Abloy), but frankly even a regular tumbler lock would give you better security. Fingerprint tech is notoriously bad, on everything from safes to iPhones.
That seems to be the prevailing feeling of the country. In Britain (which I realise is very different to the US) we had a mass school shooting and decided it wasn't going to happen again.
Some actual lawmakers refer to it as “the price for freedom.”
Never mind the fact that 17 or so other families are completely ripped apart now due to this tragedy. So basically the Republican conservative mantra of "fuck you, I got mine".
They're just flexing their Illuminati muscles or <insert "hero"> narrowly stopped it.
I mean, yes simply passing it would be easier. But in the mind of those people they are the majority of the population and if the Dems had simply passed gun laws without proper justification (a.k.a. "dead kids") then the people would have risen up. Of course that's bullshit because the majority of Americans doesn't actually give a fuck until it's their kids, which is also why nothing has actually been passes.
That girl that did the speech wasn’t acting
I always thought a better conspiracy theory would be the gun manufacturers faked the shootings in order to boost gun/ammo sales. I mean gun sales go up after the shootings, but gun control doesn't happen, so if you're going to make up a stupid fake conspiracy theory that actually would make more sense.
It actually makes far more sense for the NRA to push certain people to shoot up soft targets as it drives more sales. The NRA doesn't give a shit about gun owners. It cares only about manufacturers to the point that the NRA endorses authoritarians that defend gun rights that guns are supposed to defend against. The more guns it can sell, the more support it gets from manufactures and more dues. Hence, the NRA's business model is fundamentally a fear driven system where every mass shooting causes its bank accounts to go up. With that in mind, it makes logical sense for the NRA to be behind school shootings.
It's a slightly more logical one. The gun companies definitely use these sorts of events to boost gun sales.
It’s emotionally easier to assume that it’s all fake than to realize that somebody walked into a first grade class with the intent of killing children
I don't buy that it's about protecting their emotions. Right-wing conspiracy asshats love to get emotional about crap when it fits their narrative. This is more about protecting the narrative than the emotions.
I’m from outside of Boston. We hear people claiming the Marathin Bombing was also staged. One guy that had his leg blown off grew up with one of my best friends. His life changed forever that day and these morons harass him thinking he’s working for Hillary’s false flag conspiracy something. Fucking morons.
This spreading disease of conspiritard altright morons have caused so much damage to our society. How the fuck do you have a functional civilization when half the population don't believe in documented truth and would rather cut off their own legs than trust a government. Smh. These are the signs of a declining people.
It reminds me of my coworkers who believed mermaids existed because of a discovery channel doc.
Kids still learn about creationism in the United States. When you're taught that kind of shit it's not unreasonable to believe a mermaid can exist.
the latest string of talking points I've seen is that kids won't shoot up schools if you team them proper morals and that because of liberals we have deteriorated morally as a society and lost faith in god and the rule of law.
Right, because holy sites never have any sort of violence!
My coworker said it was suspicious and he wasn't sure if it really happened because some of the stuff was highly suspicious. I told him he was crazy but he insisted "look it up, it's suspicious."
I can't fucking stand people who can't admit when they were wrong about something, but at least he actually realized he was wrong, unlike most of these pieces of shit.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure this thread was hit early on by downvote trolls. Or at least I hope they're trolls.
Sorry man it’s not trolls. There’s an online presence of people that legitimately beleive this stuff. After the election they’ve been really emboldened. I became fascinated by the complete and utter lack of sense and morals of these people so I dug around on the site just to see the levels they will sink down to.
Around here, I keep hearing the line, "Well, you can't trust academics, experts, or scientists, because they work for the Democrats...."
It's almost like the most intelligent people in our society seem to have progressive/liberal beliefs.
It's almost like life has a liberal slant. The more you open up to it, the more you embrace other humans, the more you appreciate about humanity, the more you learn about humanity, the more liberal you lean in many respects. You become antiwar, you become pro-social safety nets, you become pro-human and civil rights, etc.
Yeah, it's a slipery slope all right. Better not open up to anything in the first place, God knows where it will lead !!
Almost as if our own country was built on an idea of Liberalism and to them it meant freedom and democracy for every individual.
What is society for, really? Why care for the elderly, why do anything to help orphans? Presumably it's because All Lives Matter, a concept I'd assumed we were all operating under my whole life. I'm convinced if these financial oligarchs who run the conservative parties here in the Western world stopped to think about what the future should look like, the allure of acquisitiveness would fall away. The glamor of growth for growth's sake would disappear. But we're stuck playing this dumb game
I see troll people.
Trolls are the Donald Trump version of lobbyists. They are social lobbyists. Instead of arguing law, statistics and studies, they harass and attack people like the cowards they are.
That is a great description. Social lobbyists.
Although it takes a following to do this, I believe this whole Sandy Hook false shooting narrative was started by Russia.
Florida shooting
I live 1 mile from Pulse Nightclub. It absolutely happened. Terrible coincidence: I was in Las Vegas during the Pulse Tragedy in Orlando and in Orlando for the Las Vegas Tragedy.
Please tell me about your future travel plans, so that we too, can be safe
Just thinking about the logistics of faking and covering not one, but two national tragedies involving shooting kids and whole communities is mind boggling. The amount of people you have to keep quiet, the amount of money needed that can probably be traced back to the source, the funerals and individuals not accounted for in society anymore. It’s all mind boggling that someone can look at the Russian investigation and outright deny it, but believe in this shit with little to no scrutiny.
Right? When presented with an ACTUAL conspiracy being unveiled before their eyes, the conspiracy theorists reject it. Isn't this what you wanted!?
They don't want it to be simple, that some folks snap and kill other folks. It's got to be something bigger, something that not only hold everyone back but threatens to replace them with clones or something equally ridiculous. They'll "follow the money" until it leads to something that makes simple sense like Russia or other conspiracy charged psychos. Facing the reality of tragedy means the people they thought were "in on it" were just telling the truth that it's counter ops or home bred terrorist.
also don't forget the narcissistic impulse of them being one of a very tiny minority that "knows the truth".
Honestly I kinda envy them, it's a lot easier to think that there's some cabal in control, even if they're nefarious. It's easier to think that there's one group in control than one person could kill the Arch Duke of Austria because of insane coincidences like his car stalling out on a road it wasn't supposed to be on after a failed assassination attempt, and that coincidence leading to 20 million dead and 21 million wounded. (And many many many more from the aftermath of that war)
Or the school shooting that happen on a smaller scale 2-3 times a week.
The man behind the sandy hook truther movement advises the president of the united states...
Mike Flynn's son was spreading Pizzagate bullshit.
Holy shit really?
I don't know if Alex Jones is the starter of the conspiracy nonsense. Trump has quoted him and gone on his show though.
He doesn’t see conspiracy in every event. He never calls a shooting by a Muslim fake. Just the ones done by white people.
No longer controversial an hour and 15 minutes later.
So I see. Also, RIP my inbox.
/r/conspiracy is currently flooded with that shit
currently
No that sub went from Area 51, JFK theories and aliens to full on alt right propaganda farm.
Can it go back to aliens and shit? At least that was fun and interesting.
I read that its been taken over by T_D mods so its gonna be a shit show for the foreseeable future.
I don’t think that can of worms is closing anytime soon.
I have a hypothesis that the online conspiracy community as a whole was targetted by the Trump campaign, and successfully got a significant percentage to vote for him. Ironically, most conspiracy theorists can be herded like sheep. All it takes is some nice-sounding misinformation and they latch on to it like its the truth, and then they spread that misinformation around and do the work for you.
I have a hypothesis that the online conspiracy community as a whole was targetted by the Trump campaign,
You think this has been happening since the obama administration?
i've heard they were behind shit like "fluoride is bad" and "the government made aids to kill gays" so they've been in the conspiracy circuit hard for a while. Hell, i'd bet a lot of the push behind ufo research was just a way for russia to get americans to publish secret r&d for them.
"Active measures" has been around since early in the Cold War. JFK assassination theories, in fact, were played up by Russia decades ago. But there was a period of dormancy and yes, Putin revived these techniques during the Obama administration.
Genuine questions: what got you out and how did you recognize Russia’s manipulation?
Well it's usually Killary stuff, so this is a bit of a break.
See, this time, though, we have videos from the kids while the shooting is in progress, some of which show bloody kids on the floor. So that should be enough proof that this actually happened.
Nope, obviously staged by Hollywood, like the moon landing. /s
My BIL & his brother are sharing those "stories" with nice little "I knew it!" pats on the back to each other. They don't own guns, or go shooting. Their dad is a fucking nutter, and it somehow traveled to them. I use to think they were normal. This election cycle has changed my mind so much.
There's something about Sandy Hook deniers that pisses me off more than almost anything. I absolutely hate them with a passion. It bothers me so much that I have an almost irrational hate for them. If I ever met one in real life I'm not sure if I could stop myself from attacking them and no, I'm not just being a big internet talker and I'm one of the least violent people you'll ever meet. I guess I just can't imagine the pain that these families went through and then to have those assholes harass them just makes them subhuman scum in my eyes.
That’s exactly how I feel, particularly being from CT. I encountered someone just the other day trying to say it “definitely never happened” and I wanted to actually see that person in pain. I’m not a violent person, not the type to get viscerally angry and can usually laugh off crazy, but I get so pissed off with that I can’t let it go. I gave this response to the person denying it the other day.
Just shoot them and then tell all their friends it never happened.
Like Alex Jones’s custody case- the idea was to wait until he lost his kids and then continuously email and tweet him saying that he doesn’t have kids, and they were actors for a publicity stunt. Not sure if anyone followed through on that though, you catch anything from the webcams or email screening?
Wait. Now the Florida shooting didn't "happen" too? Is it on some ley line and built like a Myan temple in Mexico somewhere?
I'd just like to second that.
They are mainly people purposefully sowing discord to prevent the USA from moving forward. I'm not saying they're all Russians, I'm just saying it's purposeful.
I just had a weird thought. I'd need to grab specific studies to have any backbone to this, but my understanding is that people who believe conspiracy theories are prone to believe newly heard conspiracy theories. I can look for scientific sources.
Every single person who ever thought Sandy Hook or the Florida shooting were fake is unequivocally a filthy piece of human garbage, full fucking stop.
let's not be redundant
Deplorables
4Chan and Reddit's subreddit r/The_Donald apparently are the ones behind this smear campaign.
You mean russia.
Which has a large presence on both sites.
Why, that's not deplorable at all...
The same type who deny the holocaust happened.
Often the same people who deny the Holocaust happened.
I know people who try to tell me that the Orlando pulse night club was a fake and a lie. Been there, saw the bullet holes. "Well it's a staged scene" yeah ok
And who fuels these people?
Alex Jones could be right. I had a frog who watched me change. He was a pretty gay frog.
Says the guy calling the gay frog "pretty"
Got em
Saw a post in T_D yesterday about how somebody doesn't even get their news from fox anymore (mainly tucker carlson because he aparently gives too many dirty liberals a spot to talk on his show) because they are too mainstream and they only catch infowars, and a few other of the extreme right wing sources because they get the real info. Almost threw up a little in my mouth
How far have you sunk when you need something less credible than Fox News
I would invite those people to my house to "help", show them the pictures of my dead kid, and the. Lunch them square in the face. Fucking assholes.





All that, and they would just call you a good actor for it.
Yeah but that was way fringe stuff. Going after shooting survivors has now gone mainstream. The American right wing just gets worse and worse.
I can't imagine what type of sociopath human being, whether motivated by convictions, or especially money, would harrass parents about their dead children.
The parents of the children killed in Sandy Hook are still dealing with harassment from people such as telling them they need to exhume the bodies to 'prove it happened'.
would you want your kids buried alongside those fools?
Same people mocked Sandy Hook parents and their dead children calling it a false flag.







People that believe in conspiracies are infinitely optimistic. They look at something Sergio like sandy hook and think,”this is too awful to be real. The only explanation is a grand conspiracy.”
I don't think that's right. Rather than thinking that it's "too awful to be real", I believe that they think that these shootings are just all too convenient for the gun control crowd, so they can't be real.
That’s what I think it is too. It’s not that they think the shootings are too terrible to be real, it’s that in their mind a far greater evil has already been constructed as the enemy, so this MUST be their doing.
It's just more "my side, their side" stuff. "My side doesn't commit terrorism, their side does. If the news says someone on their side committed terrorism, oh I damn well believe it. If the news says someone on my side committed terrorism, that's impossible, it must be fake and staged!"
I'm a pretty optimistic person. Confronting reality and optimism are not that significantly dependent on each other. You can have both.
I wouldn't say optimistic. It's more that a conspiracy gives them a locus of control in an otherwise chaotic and random world.
They also see conspiracy in everyday events and other people's lives. It's not optimism, it's delusion, and it's harmful to all involved.
We have some lunatic harassing members of a church here in Texas demanding “proof of death” in the recent church massacre. These people were dear friends of mine and his actions are atrocious. 9 members of the same family died that day and you’re going to call them all “crisis actors. Wtf is wrong with people.
I'm in a club with one of these nutters. Was posting on FB about how the family of one of the children who was killed in Florida was also interviewed after Sandy Hook and seen at the Sutherland Springs shooting.
That's the best part. Not only is someone running a grand conspiracy but they're, evidently, real fucking bad at it. Like some how they can make an entire community, country, and world believe imaginary children were MURDERED but bringing a few extra people in to spread the lie was too much and they couldn't afford it.
I think by now that half my reddit activity is quoting 'Ur-fascism' but that's like tenent number 9 8, the enemy is both too powerful and at the same time too inferior.
Nice to see I'm not the only one. http://www.pegc.us/archive/Articles/eco_ur-fascism.pdf
Yep, the US government has murdered a bunch of children as a false flag to take your guns away, but they won't put a crisis actor in a dumpster to cover their tracks. Fuck, just needle them up we're in an opiod crisis and the pain was too much to bear. The crisis actors are union? Are we going for MCU-level continuity?
I can't even comprehend how bad someone would have to be at making this up for some of these absolute morons to be the ones uncovering it
Ask him why the conspirators couldn't be bothered to hire new actors each time.
I’ve seen several of these so-called conservatives posting stuff like that about David Hogg. One acquaintance of mine was posting images of him being interviewed by the news out in California (where he was a witness to a small confrontation between a friend and a lifeguard) and the video from the Parkland shooting, insinuating that he’s a crisis actor and always present at different mass shootings. Takes two seconds to find his YouTube and see that he was vlogging his trip through California. Takes another two seconds to see that he has a passion for reporting. Seriously, search his name on T_D and see all of the insane theories that have popped up about this kid.
They call them crisis actors because if they shed one bit of human emotion besides total sadness that means they are bad actors. That means they're not allowed to smile, laugh, or pay attention to anything but the interview. If the protocol is deviated in anyway, top morons in their living room with their dvr will do a step by step analysis with a "there you have it" youtube video.
And I they do show sadness and go through the protocol as expected all of a sudden they are "good actors" and " read their script well". It's a ridiculous way to twist the narrative to fit their story
What’s sad is it use to just be the crackpots like Alex Jones and Internet basement dwellers who spouted such inhumane nonsense...now it’s actual elected officials and figures of legit power. That’s what’s scary. It’s like there is no longer a line of decency to fear crossing.
You know, as someone who survived a school shooting as a 14 year old, I can’t understand the impulse to want another camera in my face. The whole experience was a media blitz that converges on your school. I just wanted to go away.
I think it depends on the person. Each person processes grief differently so I don't think it's that out of place that from a school of something like 3,000 students a certain number wish to speak out immediately.
When something traumatic happened to me, all I wanted to do was talk about it. It was therapeutic to share to someone, to have them listen and sympathize, and to give me peace of mind that I wasn't the crazy one or the wrong one. Someone to validate my emotions.
I was in a bad car crash in high school. Immediately started making jokes, it’s how I cope. I kept saying things like “You know, now that I know I survived it. It was actually fun!”
Yet it’s common knowledge that people deal with tragedies in different ways. Some will laugh it off, others will break down, and many get angry. These vocal students are dealing with this through anger. Anger towards an incident that was entirely preventable.
I lost a friend in a murder (not a school shooting). My anger far outweighed my need to cry or just go away. I totally understand these kids.
Which is yet another reason to admire those kids....They're speaking their convictions even though it may be really uncomfortable.
And then you've got people mocking these kids too Fucking Assholes
And moderators of certain conservative subreddits which won't be named wishing they could beat them up until they were unrecognizable:
TIL "I shouldn't be shot in school" is an "alt-left" talking point...
TIL "I shouldn't be shot in school" is an "alt-left" talking point...
It is in the same way that the existence of gravity is a talking point. If someone objects you talk and point at them like they're a moron.
They say shit like this, and then go on to say that shootings happen because we took god out of our schools.
So the church shooting in Texas, what the fuck was god doing?
M Y S T E R I O U S W A Y S
Like being a mysterious dick.
Humans are made in his image and we as a species are fucking garbage
Sending his thoughts and prayers
This is the thing that kills me. Don't they see that all this histerics is for nothing? Year after year, "crisis" after "crisis"?
It was only 8 years that we had to constantly hear “Obama’s gonna take our guns!” And then when that never happened, it was “Killary’s gonna take our guns!” Then when Trump stumbled into DC, the NRA put out that ad that basically said “the left is protesting, arm yourselves for civil war before they take our guns!”
r/stopadvertising
/u/bucks2001 is a piece of shit human garbage.

Ohhh Dinesh D'souza. This fuckin guy. Looking at his latest tweet here a half hour ago,
He's also a felon who can't legally vote or own a weapon.
What did he do?
Campaign finance fraud. Total shock he's a Republican too, right?
Dinesh D’Souza is and always has been a literal piece of human trash.
You know I’m honestly surprised these people who post crap like this don’t get their ass kicked when they are in public.
And these assholes
That's ... wow. Wow.
People like that do not deserve to be called Conservatives. Those are just plain disrespectful, Insane, Assholes. I know many conservatives who are genuinely good people.
My parents are very conservative. My mom was very disgusted when i told her about this. I don't agree with everything conservatives say and I don't think they're all terrible people, but these idiots make conservatives look bad.
Being a good person has nothing to do with ones political beliefs.
We hold the other side accountable but bend over backwards to excuse our side though. Reddit is a perfect example of this.
I have a question to these conservatives. Do you also think the life long republicans who lost their kids to these mass murders are also "actors" ? How does that even work? Do you think they voted R for 20-30 years is just a democrat plot to remove the second amendment or some shit?
Once you accept the premise that everything you hear in the news is fake, you can just ignore inconsistencies like that. Those people would just say that none of those parents are actually life-long republicans or trump supporters, they are just lying about that, and anyone else who backs up their stories or says it really happened is also lying. Once someone goes full Alex Jones, there is really no hope of reasoning with them
Lost sense of humanity you say?
Holy shit that second tweet. What the actual fuck
man, I remember when this douche was only famous for being the easiest matchup for atheist debaters. He's sure moved down in the world since then.
That's what happens when you're convicted of a federal crime, I guess. Such a pity he didn't go to a real prison.
The comments are making me sick to my stomach. I don't even know what to say anymore about any of it..
Souza never had any humanity to lose, he's always been a first-class piece of shit.
How do we even begin to help these people? They're so goddamn delusional. Better education?
Wait for them to die out. Hope the following generation is less proudly delusional. Rinse and repeat.
Tons of the people defending him in his Twitter comments are 40 and under.
Well let's just hope they aren't vaccinated.
well some people believe, no one went to the moon, the earth is flat, the earth is hollow, leaders are lizards, earth is only 6000 years old.
I am an ardent supporter of gun rights, which many people are shocked by, given my otherwise left wing positions. I feel my stance is consistent with my other positions since it maximizes personal liberties.
As a man, who also cares about men's issues, this is how I feel about MRAs.
Serious question. Were the screenshots of the same kid in California and Florida fakes? Has there been any substantial proof one way or another?
In august 2017 he filmed his friend in an argument with a lifeguard on a beach in California. His video went viral (I saw it on reddit at the time), and the local news station interviewed him about it. That is where the screenshot is from: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HvZD7UkJd24
It's especially idiotic to believe the kid is is an actor because... who the fuck wouldn't notice that? There's a grand government false flag operation, with child operatives, but they use the same kid twice? In a culture where everything is recorded and easy to share? Like, no one would notice that? So utterly stupid.
Not to mention pro-gun republicans control the federal government and the majority of governorships/statehouses. Thus the need for even crazier conspiracy theories, like deep state.
Yeah it was sorta easy to spin that theory when Obama was in office. But... now? Who is pulling the strings? The FBI or something? Like, honestly lol.
Why would they think any entire school district would be full of liberal democratics attempting to further an agenda? That's whay amazes me... Not a conservative in the town apparently. IN FLORIDA. Same people are holocaust deniers.
Not sure if this is exactly what you are talking about; but on the way home from work NPR had a story about Russian hackers. They said that they were promoting n extreme pro gun stance saying that the shootings were a Democrat conspiracy. And that teachers needed to carry concealed weapons. Which then sparked conversation among conservatives.
Conservative here. These guys are conspiracy theorists and I do not share their skewed ideologues.
The Last Jedi Tickets and Theaters MegaThread
Reminds me of how Ewan McGregor had to be told repeatedly not to make humming noises when doing lightsaber choreography.
I feel like that’s exactly the sort of thing his character would have done. They should have let Pratt do it.
Kinda like how Deadpool yells Die! Die! Die! every time he shoots a bullet? I agree, I could see Pratt doing that.
bang bang
Man that game was really fun, and really under rated
Too bad Activision killed High Moon.
Stupid!
You sure that was Deadpool?
I am so lost... wtf are you talking about and why do so many people agree with you?
There’s a character in Overwatch that wields dual shotguns and yells “DIE DIE DIE!” when using his ultimate
I see where you're coming from.
Username checks out
Maybe.
Lagiacrus111
I miss that blue asshole
Same )':
Like when he dropped the MacGuffin of the first movie and picked it up before the other character noticed?
tom holland would go “PSSST” every time he would use his web shooters in captain america civil war, and once he did spider-man homecoming, the sound directors would get frustrated with him still doing it when people were talking
That's awesome. My 3 year old is really into Spider-Man and makes that noise all over the house. He's also often depressed because he hasn't learned how to make 'real' webs come out yet.
Have him get some nickel plated web shooters and have him contact mr stark for a suit ;)
silly string
Give it another 10ish years.
omg what a filthy casual! Every Spidey fan knows the proper sound is "THWIP"
Everyone's complaining about him say "psst" instead of "thwip". Anyone who's ever paid attention would realize "psst" is the sound it makes coming out of the web shooter and "thwip" is the sound it makes when it sticks to something. Come on people.
Who said i was a spidey fan! i’m team cap
He's referring to Tom Holland. He's also being ironic.
Apparently Sylvester Stallone did similar in the Rocky movies. It was a complete nightmare for the sound editing team because he kept making punching sounds.
Haha, that sounds plausible. I could see Sly just going "piff piff" lol
BANG POW
BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG do you need my email? BANG POW BANG BANG POW.
If it were done today, there'd be an outtakes clip that added in 1960s Batman visual effects.
BODY BLOW!
He's funny, nowadays he'll talk about the Rocky fights like they were actual fights he was in, and not completely choreographed, etc. To be fair though in kickboxing/boxing we're taught to exhale or make a 'hoosh' sound when striking.
I mean, there is that Rocky tradition where he (or whoever is starring) has to take a full force hit to the head or body. Dolph Lundgren hit him so hard he was hospitalized, and Michael B. Jordan was hit so hard he was knocked clean out.
Honestly how could you not though? Lol I don't think I could do without. I've been doing it since childhood!
IIRC those were the words Ewan said about why he was doing it. "I'm just...so used to doing it!"
From what I saw of the BTS footage it looks like Daisy Ridley tends to do it too haha
Rey is a Kenobi confirmed
"I don't seem to recall my granddaughter being sold off for drinking money..."
Sometimes HISHE has some real gold. Other times, it's a lot like a College Humor or SNL sketch that has gone on too long.
Ridley does the pewpew thing. I know that much.
I just spent the better part of 5 minutes thinking out loud “What Star Wars movie is BTS? Behold The Sith? Birth of the Sith? Is this some unreleased shit I’ve never heard of?”
why don't the just give them guns that make sounds?
Just one more thing they’d have to deal with during sound editing i would guess. Easier to have a blank slate
Too or two?
Hell, he probably did it in Vol.2 too also
Im not the one to tell the guardian of our galaxy that he cant make pew sounds when destroying demi-gods.
I legitimately thought you said "infinity stove" for a minute. I was really looking forward to reading that comic.
That's where the Soul Stone is cooking right now.
In her mind she is shooting velociraptors.
Space velociraptors.
Jurassic World 3: The Lost Planet
Nah lost planet sounds lame. Let's call it The Lost World
Thank god that's an unused title!
Jurassic World 3: The Lost World 2.
The only way for us to solve this is to become Jurassic World 3: The Lost World 2.
Electric Boogaloo?
Or just Jurassic World 3. Who needs an original title for the third entry in a sequel trilogy?
Thinking of it, Star Wars will have an original title for the third entry in the third trilogy.
Jurassic Worlds
You win. Spielberg will be at your house tomorrow evening. Have a first draft of the script ready by then.
Wasn't that essentially the plot of those Dino Crisis games? I know the games started on an island or something typical but didn't they eventually have dinosaurs..... correction, cyborg dinosaurs in space?
IIRC that was Dino Crisis 3. Pretty sure they weren't dinosaurs in that game though, they were aliens or mutants or something that just looked like dinosaurs.
Theres a DC3? I vaguely remember them making a new one yeeeaars later after 2, which I absolutely loved. I may give it a run through again and see if it holds up.
Dino Crisis 3 is considered by far to be the worst DC game in existence though. Apparently the camera angles make the game ridiculously unplayable.
Isn't that the plot to Turok?
OMG, that's where I know her from, I knew she seemed familiar, just didn't bother looking it up.
Yeah, kinda seems like a waste of talent.
I liked TLJ and what I’m about to say is obviously just my opinion, but I thought Dern and her character were terrible. She had the authority of a soccer mom and absolutely no charisma. I remember her being good in Jarassic Park, but she was weak as water in this role.
I'm not saying you're wrong, because obviously an opinion on a character is completely subjective.
It was like this gentle twist - she was one of my favorite characters
Agreed, her heroics at the end spoke so much, it won me over. She wasn't about showboating like Poe.
Her character appears in the novel Leia: Princess of Alderaan, and is much more likeable. Once you've read that novel, Holdo's behaviour in TLJ makes a lot more sense.
I know she'll be forever know for Jurassic Park but I still see her and hear "You got me hotter than Georgia asphalt" NSFW
Velociwomp rats
OMG thats where I recognize her from
Wait a minute... what?
Well, uh... There it is
You bred raptors?
Reminds me of the story of how Ewan and Hayden kept making lightsabre noises during their duel.
It was Hayden too? That’s fucking hilarious.
I only wish they did a full rehearsal with the sounds left in and then dubbed it over the fight scene.
I'd watch the prequels again if all the sound effects were done that way. Especially if there were two versions, one done by a professional, and one where it's just a bunch of kids.
Seconded. Those scenes would be epic
I’d watch them where ALL of the sounds are redone by one guy. The dialogue? He dubs himself over the actual lines for every character. The sound effects? We hear a guy going “Pew! Pew! Pew!” for the blasters and “VvvOOom... vvvOOm... KSH! KSH! vvOom!” for the lightsabers. The music? Same thing: “Dun dun dununun, dun dun dununun, dun dun dununun, dun dun dununun! Bum badumbum bum bum badabum...”
https://youtu.be/jwxN8sCIOOE?t=10
Have you ever seen that Bowie/ Jagger music video with no music? That’s what I’m picturing this being like.
Poor Hayden, the dude should get a small cameo as a force ghost together with Luke trolling Ben.
"Ben, I'm not angry, just disappointed."
"Yeah, that apparition of Vader who 'showed you the power of the dark side'? Wasn't me. Snoke was fucking with your head."
My interpretation of that is that he wasn't literally communicating with Vader, he was just using Vader's helmet to see visions of its past, and of Vader in action.
Ben and Rey are standing off during a final battle between all the Resistance could muster and the First Order’s finest, ready to hack eachother to pieces after realising that neither can be turned to the other side.
Straight up murder. And not just of the Kylo Ren, but the Kylo Woren and the Kylo Children too.
He’s connected with Star Wars again over the past year. It’s a possibility, even if it’s a really remote one.
Have force ghost Anakin stand behind Kylo during fights, making lightsaber noises.
Brian Blessed was making gun noises in Flash Gordon.
To be fair, he's Brian Blessed. You don't direct, you aim him.
Reminds me of the story of how Owen Wilson kept making wow sounds during his lightsabre duel.
Will Smith used to say everyone's lines.
For Dogma, Kevin Smith told Jason Mewes he had to really have his shit in order since they hired Alan Rickman and all, and the former was concerned about Mewes' sobriety. He memorized the whole damn thing, everybody's lines, because he said he didn't "wanna piss off that Rickman dude."
The full exchange from the Blog post that Kevin Smith is great. Especially since he was really going to bat for Mewes' in the early days of his sobriety.
What’re you, f*cking ‘Rain Man’?!
That's the nicest way if asking if someone is autistic I've ever seen
Say what you will about his movies, but I'll be damned if Kevin and Jason don't have a good of a rapport as it gets. Both are super funny and smart dudes.
Every story I read of Jason Mewes convinces me he's really just not acting and is Jay.
well, yeah. thats cause he is.
I wouldn't have wanted to piss him off either.
Back when he had consistent work
He’s getting older and is pretty loaded. Doesn’t need that much work.
On an unrelated note, from a scifi perspective would a blaster firing light have force in the opposite direction of the pulse causing recoil?
It's plasma, not lasers.
It would depend on the mass and velocity of the "projectile", I would think.
The projectile contains lots of energy, if that energy is released in a short amount of time, then that could conceivably result in recoil.
That's only if the energy is kenetic, like a bullet. If it were a laser, it would most likely generate heat. Since a blaster is a reaction between gasses and some sci-fi stuff, it would generate both heat and kenetic recoil.
whispers They’re everywhere!
SW Blasters fire ionized Tibanna gas. Which is what they were mining on Bespin. This is why SW is such a rich universe to inhabit.*
It's the same way people write fantasy. Leave it vague enough to be mysterious. It serves two purposes, it makes it more interesting for speculation and allows for writers to clarify later if they need inspiration. And they don't get bogged down in their own rules that way.
yeah and thats how we get cool theories like every ship has a dolby surround sound system in it so they can replicate the sounds of the lasers in space
If we ever get to the point of having space battles, I'd want that for real for enhanced situational awareness.
No, but since Star Wars "lasers" have nothing in common with real lasers fans have always speculated that star wars lasers were not actually lasers, they were superheated plasma.
Well they are called "blasters" and run off Tibanna Gas.
Also I'm not too sure how lasers work, but I think it's safe to say they don't travel in a blob and explode the hell up when they hit something.
That's because it's plasma not lasers
I know, that's what I was implying.
This just in, the Star Wars fandom starts getting heated up.
But heated with plasma, not lasers
ok sure but it's plasma not lasers
Heck off man, its clearly not lasers. Its plasma.
Not lasers, they shoot plasma
Well, to be fair they shoot animation.
Storm troopers typically miss, so on average, they shoot walls....
If you've got even a 5% chance to hit an enemy, the correct tactical choice is to attempt the shot anyhow.
Hold your fire. There aren't any life forms. Must be a short circuit
And if they explode on contact with walls and send out little bits of hot, exploded wall, maybe you'll get a little piece of said hot, exploded wall down the neck of your enemy's shirt. That's the kind of tactical advantage the stormtroopers have been trained to exploit.
As per wookiepedia, thats canon
Star Wars blasters fire plasma bolts, not lasers, but light does have momentum so there has to be some amount of recoil to a gun firing light too, but I don't know how much. We also don't know what components in the gun are being used to generate/amplify that energy so they could very well be moving and causing the user to jostle the weapon too.
Their "bolts" also only travel about 130 MPH, or 20% the speed of bullets, or so Mythbusters calculated.
So that's why the Jedi are so good at blocking bolts. Come at them with a machine gun and they're toast.
15 years between Jedi and Phantom, gave nerds in the 80's a 90's a loottt of time to speculate endlessly.
Laura it's not the T-rex you're looking for
I bet most of us would do the same!
This terrorist rammed her piddly craft into an Empire Capital Ship and killed millions.
/r/firstorderdidnothingwrong
Holdo is Obi Wans granddaughter confirmed
Nah. Too uncivilised
the ewan disease is spreading. soon every star wars set will just be a cacophony of manmade sound effects
I find this quite fitting to her character actually. At least to her younger self that is described in the Leia novel by Claudia Grey. Holdo always was a little bit weird. I really like this, even if it was not intended.
That’s cool
That is awesome.
Bothered, no. I would have believed it if she was Senator Amilyn Holdo (yes, that's her first name).
And because her plan required secrecy, and the more people who know a secret the less secure it is. Poe blabbed it on an insecure comm the moment he learned about it, which got lots of people killed.
Also, Poe is just a recently demoted hotheaded flyboy from Holdo's point of view. We see him as one of the main characters, because we're the audience and we were told by the movie he's important, but to Holdo he's just a pilot and below her in rank so he doesn't have the right to know everything, just to follow the orders he is given.
I wouldn't say "only" for Poe to sacrifice them all, that Dreadnought just bombed the shit out of their previous base from orbit, and was about to utterly annihilate what was left of their fleet. What's the point of saving them if the fleet they're docked in blows up anyway? And if the plan all along was to go to another base, why leave the First Order with a ship capable of easily destroying it if/when they find it?
What's the point of dive bombing into another member of your wing as he's about to make a suicide run to take out the enemy weapon? Putting both your lives at risk while guaranteeing the enemy gets the clean shot they need to ensure they can take out all your comrades? The "resistance" is fighting a very romanticized version of war while the First Order is playing for keeps in this movie.
That's intentional. She's not supposed to look very capable. The costume (and hair) is pretty much designed to trick the audience (and Poe) into pre-judging her abilities.
That actually fits her character as described in the Leia novel very well.
I really, really, really disliked her character. She pretty much drove the whole “plot” by being really, really, really stupid.
Aside from the Luke/Rey/Kylo arc, most of the plot was driven by characters being really stupid. Finn and Rose running off on a useless side errand which resulted in most of the rebel fleet being killed. Holdo withholding incredibly basic information that would have inspired trust and confidence in the people she commanded. Poe acting like he doesn't even know how to think and staging a mutiny. What a gong show. The First Order deserves the win at this point.
First Order deserves the win
Is it smart ? Probably not , but the justification for the youngness of the leadership and huxs incompent/impetuous nature at times is because the first order was made up of brainwashed kids. Snoke wanted zealots for followers that would obey him above all else. He didn't necessarily need brilliant leaders because in his mind HE was the brilliant leader and just needed someone to carry his orders to the troops. You can see he was basically everywhere using force projection and telekinesis at long distances.
Sure but none of this is explained in the movies.
Its explained that the first order is made up of stolen kids that are brainwashed. Finn was one. The rest happens in the movies but isn't outright explained by narration or text I guess.
His mutiny was justified based on how incompetent Holdo appeared to be.
The first thing I thought when I left the theater was, "Wow, they made her so hateable, and then punched us in the face for hating her."
We dare you to hate this brave, purple-haired woman.
Like, just look at this chick. She looks like she's dressed for the fucking Oscars in a war zone. Even if I didn't know she was irritating as a character, the way she dresses is enough to make me think she's vain and uppity.
The dress isn’t that much different than what Leia wore. Although she was a princess, not an admiral.
Costume design is very important. There's a reason why Darth Vader is in all black with a a helmet reminiscant of a skull. Or how Luke starts out with white clothes signifying his innocence but eventually wears black as he matures in this new world.
Aside from the Luke/Rey/Kylo arc, most of the plot was driven by characters being really stupid.
The two most incompetent militaries dueling it out.
Reminds me of how in the Syrian civil war both sides would blind fire over the dirt berm they were taking cover behind, or stand atop said berm Rambo firing their machine guns.
Rose and Finn got in trouble in the big dumb prequel casino. You know why? Illegal parking on the beach.
Also they're there to find the one hacker who can get them on the enemy ship, screw that up by getting captured, and then there just happens to be another hacker in their cell who can do this almost impossible task.
While watching the movie I was honestly expecting the guy in the cell to be the guy they were looking for. But no he wasn’t but he could do the same thing... doesn’t make sense to me.
The one hacker she trusted. The impossibility wasn't the task, she said she could do it herself if she wasn't busy. The impossibility was finding someone who could do it and you could trust not to sell you out. They found another hacker, but they didn't find one they could trust.
Wait, the codebreaker really was the dude with a mustache? I thought the point was that DJ was the codebreaker, but somehow Maz gave them a bad reference?
Has it been long enough since the release that criticism of the movie is now upvoted? This is exactly how it went with TFA. Any and all criticism was down voted to oblivion for a few months then people came to their senses and realized that despite the stunning visuals and nostalgia it invoked, it was a poorly written mess.
God damn that stupid parking bit.
how does a movie make me not give 2 shits about the resistance?
It's funny to me how the Republic had control of most of the galaxy but the FO destroying three planets somehow allowed them to take over the whole galaxy and cut the only resistance down to nothing in no time.
That's so incredibly bad. From the prequels and Clone Wars we know that the Republic consisted of thousands of systems, the Separatists consisted of thousands of systems and there were thousands of neutral systems led by the Mandalorians.
I badly want to know what is actually happening in the galaxy. How do great planets like Coruscant, Mandalore etc. look like? Who controls them now that the emperor is gone?
This is what I hate the most about the new trilogy. After watching Clone Wars, I just cannot live with the small universe they are presenting to us.
Why does the First Oder even care about this one group when they have an entire galaxy to secure control of?? The days they wasted might be enough time for the systems to band together and fight back.
Step 8: call them Rebels by the end of the movie, and give them the iconic rebel alliance logo
The naming of it "The Resistance" makes me confused. At the start of The Force Awakens they shouldn't be considered a resistance. A resistance is a group fight big to overthrow a foreign entity that has taken control. The First Order is not in control, The New Republic is. So why are they called the Resistance.
Apparently, (and I'm basing this off of what Reddit has told me because there's no indication of it anywhere in the movies), the Resistance started out as Leia resisting the disarmament of the New Republic.
That's just pitiful this new canon has made a mockery of the Galactic Civil War.
Or make Thrawn and the whole empire have a hard time dealing with 2 jedi, an astromech droid, a mandelorian, a lasat warrior and a twi'lek pilot...
Are we talking about the same Empire that had 2 Peace Moon destroyed by 1 X-wing and 1 Corellian light freighter?
That was so frustrating. Kylo and Ren are the only characters I actually care about at this point. (And considering I found both of them one-sided and boring in the 7th movie, it's frustrating that I have no common thread to follow investment through this trilogy.)
Lol. The only characters I care about now are Han and Solo.
More than the Resistance, this movie made me not care at all about what comes next. The end of the movie felt like the end of the trilogy to be honest. Every character (or actor in case of Leia) from the OT is dead, Kylo even though he’s my favorite character well he’s a bad guy and we know what happens to bad guys in SW so there’s no big surprises there, and I know I shouldn’t get my hopes up and root for him else I’ll be disappointed. And the rest of the characters well the movie just made me not care about them anymore. They could not release IX I wouldn’t mind.
The end of the movie felt like the end of the trilogy to be honest.
They wanted you to dislike her so you'd initially side with Poe.
Or just cut her character all together and have Leia fulfil her role. She's even more pointless and poorly utilized than Snoke.
Her and leia seem too similar to me. I imagine Leia originally had that role and they decided, wait we don't want her (character) to die and people will hate us for changing her character, lets put leia in a coma while the whole thing happens and give the plot to a new character.
The thing is, none of the plot really works with Leia in that role. We know who Leia is; she's someone who has repeatedly proven herself as wise and crafty. If Poe goes against Leia in a similar way that he went against Holdo, he no longer looks like a noble hero trying to do the right thing but foolish and stubborn for defying our princess. What reason would he have to go against Leia given her long history? It would be hard to get the audience on his side.
So we do a get a commentary? Nice. Still waiting on yours for Rogue One, Gareth.
Screenshots of Black people being hilarious and insightful on social media, it doesn't need to just be twitter but obviously that is best.
Officer Yanez, acquitted of all charges on June 16, 2017 and given $45,000 to leave.
I actually know him. Crazy shit.
What's he like since killing someone?
*murdering
DAMN
Love or lust
DAMN
all of us
give me a run for my money
There is nobody
No thread is safe from r/KendrickLamar
7/10
"The torment I faced for giving both DAMN. and the Self-titled Lil Pump mixtape a 7/10" by Cuckthony Boitano
/r/murderedbyguns
Dunno. Gone to ground.
Sorry? What do u mean by this, just curious
It means he cut off all contact with the outside world, it's a similar saying to "going off the grid"
Wheres that from regionally? Never heard it before.
Originally Fox hunting, when the fox goes to ground, he’s hiding in his den. Goes back a long time
I always thought of gophers or squirrels
It’s an Albany expression
I see. You know, these hamburgers are quite similar to the ones they have at Krusty Burger.
The northern lights? In this part of the world? This time of year? At this time of day? Localized entirely in your kitchen?
It's typical in military/espionage circles
He went AFK, probably even signed out and changed his account.
VAC Banned


r/outside
lawyered up, deleted facebook, hit the gym
He disappeared. He's keeping a low profile.
Should be gone to prison.
Free and $45,000 richer.
45k is a lot of money, a ton of money for lots of people, but it's basically a year's worth of pay for this guy. He's gonna need to get a new job.
He's gonna need to get a new job.
It cost the city more than they paid him his entire career.
what a terrible terrible shame for that city.....paying for shit with our tax money. they must cry themselves to sleep at night.
On the upside, he paid at least 15k in taxes on that.
Lol the $45k came from taxpayers, but the $15k will for sure lower our tax burden!
At least 40k richer.....
Tell him to go fuck himself.
Tell him to say hello to his mother for me





If we can barely trust trained cops to have self-control and make the right decision when wielding a gun, how are we supposed to trust teachers? People say "well cops often see people at they're worst and are overworked and underpaid." Yeah... And so are teachers. These 2A people are ridiculously stupid.
I made this exact point. Ive seen teachers throw desks across the room and get in fist fights with kids and this was in the whitest, richest area i could live in in fucking canada.
Month? Nigga 8 days.
No kidding, this blew over so quickly after the Vegas shooting and people are acting like this a whole new conversation.
Damn and low key even I forgot all about the Vegas shooting.
I can't be bothered to keep track anymore. If I hear the phrase is “after place name”, I assume it's about a mass shooting. If the phrase is, “ever since person's name,” it's a black man killed by the police.
I was in the Vegas airport about a week after the shooting when some girls started screaming as loud as they could because they saw their friends. It made me and like 8 other people around me shit their pants.
I've seen teachers break down in class. If you give them all guns you're going to have a few teachers per year blowing their brains out inside the school.
Am first year teacher, can confirm. Some days are rough and I wouldn't want a suicide/murder stick on my hip every day. No chance I'd use it, but some chance that some teacher would.
Yeah. I'm teaching adults right now, so I'm not as stressed as when I was teaching teenagers, but I could imagine shooting myself after class on the really bad days. I mean, hell, if I had a gun last year, I would have killed myself on the day I almost got fired (which was also my birthday, double whammy.) That's why I refuse to buy a gun, because I know I'll either hurt or kill myself with it eventually. I'm mentally ill, and can't control my emotions very well without meds. I don't need a gun added onto my mess of a person.
I give it a month.
I entirely agree with everything you said because it's spot on, but I have a question. What's a "2A" person?
The type of person who values the Second Amendment above all else: I think you can paint the picture yourself. You know, F-150 Americans...
You know, claim mass shootings are a mental health issue and then vote against healthcare Americans...
As a gun carrying f150 driving American.... I don't know if I should be offended or not.
Alright, Camry guy.
I'm all for the second amendment, but as far as straight up giving guns to assigned government employees, teachers definitely should not be on that list.









The great irony of all this is that the reason police are spared punishment today is because of a Supreme Court case that was supposed to hold them accountable
Can you explain?
Essentially the law was changed to look at the intent of the officer and if they could reasonably fear for their life which was supposed to make a bunch of cases more in favor of the person who got shot, but it’s pretty easy to make a case that cops can fear for their lives under many different circumstances meaning it didn’t really make much of an impact.
how is that even legal?? did he just have really good lawyer or something? how are people able to get away with things like this?
be a police officer, make up some fake story about how you feared for your life because he was black, boom. Instant not-guilty verdict.
The prosecutor and the police are generally the same "team".
I feared for my life.
Yeah no Trump obviously meant white teachers can have a gun.
Wait, you’re telling me, they actually let black people teach?? Surely not outside of “ghetto” schools?
Immigrants too! Once Trump finds out there will be a tweet "I never said to arm teachers"...
He already sent that tweet and contradicted himself again
As is the tradition.
There is already a tweet saying I never said to arm teachers, just to give then guns.
Christ this man is a fuckin idiot

And then literally the next tweet in the storm switched positions
Hahaha 1/5 teachers were or are military trained?
That video was fucked up. The cop just stood there after shooting him and kept pointing his gun into the car. When backup arrived, the cop had to be told NINE times to put his firearm away and that another officer was going to take his place. He was frozen in shock. The motherfucker was so shaken by killing someone, he couldn't follow a direct order given to him directly to his face. How did he pass training in the first place?
Lowered standards and lowered expectations. That wasn't even considered a good shoot in a war zone.
Completeley apropos, but Lowered Expectations had me rolling when I was a kid.
What happened to mad tv?
It had to die, while SNL was allowed to be mediocre to this day...no justice.
People underestimate what shooting someone does to the shooter.
Yeah, like remember that time a cop sued the family of a child he killed for $10 million
Alright, that's it, that's the stupidest thing I've read all year. I don't think anything will top this.
bro that was back in 2016 just wait
The fact that LeGrier [the victim]'s actions had forced Officer Rialmo to end LeGrier's life and to accidentally take the innocent life of [neighbour] Bettie Jones has caused, and will continue to cause, Officer Rialmo to suffer extreme emotional trauma," the lawsuit says.
the city’s lawyers filed a lawsuit that sought to shift blame and some financial liability for Jones’ death from the city onto LeGrier’s estate. The Tribune reported on the lawsuit a few hours after it was filed. The city’s lawyers quickly dropped the suit, and Emanuel apologized, saying he did not know of the litigation beforehand but found it “callous.”
I wish I didn’t read that.
Holy shit... What a piece of shit. Everyone involved with that is a piece of shit.
Did he lose the case?
it never made it to court
And he's a cop. But teachers are supposed to shoot teenagers and be ok. Right
Perfect case to bring up to someone who says "black people need to just do what the cops say!"
Why didn't they come out in support of this lawful citizen?
White guy throwing his two cents in Yeah this is something that is forgotten on both sides. I've noticed the black Americans right to bear arms literally gets 0 play in American politics. We have disarmed and taken away a constitutional right millions of black Americans during the war on drugs. This is insane that because you had a bag of weed, you now can't defend yourself or family.
It aligns with the Southern Strategy , which has been the GOPs steering mechanism for the past half century.
With videos like this I'm surprised there isn't more "us or them" attitude from the citizens. Maybe if he killed the cop he would have lived. Probably in prison since he'd never be able to prove he was actually about to die, but he'd be alive.


















Before Castile completed the sentence, Yanez interrupted and calmly replied, “OK,” and placed his right hand on the holster of his own holstered weapon. Yanez said, “Okay, don't reach for it, then ... don't pull it out.” Castile responded, “I'm not pulling it out,” and Reynolds also said, “He's not pulling it out.” Yanez repeated, raising his voice, “Don't pull it out!" as he quickly pulled his own gun with his right hand and reached inside the driver's window with his left hand. Reynolds screamed, "No!" Yanez removed his left arm from the car and fired seven shots in the direction of Castile in rapid succession. Reynolds yelled, “You just killed my boyfriend!” Castile moaned and said, “I wasn't reaching for it." Reynolds loudly said, “He wasn't reaching for it.” Before she completed her sentence, Yanez again screamed, “Don't pull it out!” Reynolds responded, “He wasn't.” Yanez yelled, “Don't move! Fuck!”
police officers in america need better training.
How do you train someone not to think every black person is a criminal?
It's called empathy. What's placed into the system is called dualistic thinking. Bad guys are bad guys and good guys are good guys. There is no in between and no explanation. There is no thought process or social justification. It's 'hes a criminal, and I'm a good guy (cop)' It's a very unfortunate thought process but it is 100% real
The answer to that is immersion in whatever demographic it is you’re trying to cull a prejudice of. It’s easy to look at another group of people from the outside and think “they’re all like that”. It’s programmed into us psychologically. It makes evolutionary sense to do so. The “us” and “them” mentality would at one stage have protected fellow group members from outsider threats and fostered a strong and necessary community feeling. I’m talking hunter-gatherer times here.
I completely agree with you, but on the same coin you get the people who have never been around Black people, and the first place they’re assigned is the hood. Then (in their minds) it only validates the assumptions they already had and enforces their ignorant opinions.
They need a complete cultural overhaul.
It's not helping either how they are trained to expect any suspicious car they pull could have someone with a gun ready to shoot the moment they feel trapped. It's ingrained in them to shoot first or be shot in the following half second otherwise. They're even taught someone wielding a knife can run to them and stab them before they can unsheathe their service weapon.
Yeeeah... I wasn't going to say it right away so the gun-loving brigade doesn't downvote me to hell too fast, but having anyone and everyone have such an easy access to weapons and such a fierce attitude about it all is a good enough reason to be afraid to be shot every time they head off to work.
Yeah, the current training of "shoot first and ask questions later" isn't working anymore.
‘Anymore’?
It worked really well before cameras and social media.



Jesus Christ there was a kid in that car
Oh no, no, no. See having a kid in the car was part of why he was shot.
I mean I know it’s more than likely just a bullshit excuse thought up after the fact, but what an incredibly stupid and illogical train of thought.
TIL: PeopLe WhO SMokE Le PoT ArE EvIL DUuURR
Ayy what shitty depressing logic. Also anyone who believes that was the real reason, and not just some vague racist dogwhistle is an idiot.
Holy fuck
That video is the saddest goddamn thing
Yup. He fired point blank, could have easily killed the other two in the car. It's a miracle only one got shot
That escalated so fucking fast it's ridiculous. It look 7 seconds from "I have to tell you I have a firearm" to seven shots from the officer.
This was such a blatantly illegal and unnecessary act of violence on the officer's part that anyone who has watched the video and disagrees is automatically on my list of people to disregard in any discussion related to race, police, or guns. There's not way to be unbiased and claim this was a good shoot by the cop.
How in the fuck do you watch that video and let the fucker get off?
"Cause their job is hard and they're heroes putting their life on the line everyday."
Statistically, a construction workers job is more dangerous.
truck driver, liquor store clerk, convenience store clerk... cops are 10 on the list of dangerous gobs. 25 if you limit them to injury/death while on duty.
The video was somehow not admissible evidence, unless I’m mixing up my recent cop murders.
Cold blooded murder.
Can you believe he got away with it?
I think it's time for the Black Panthers (no relation) to come back and finish what they started by protecting schools. They tried to ban guns when they did it the first time, I'm sure they'd do it again.
right? get blacks to start buying ar-15s en masse, it'll be banned in 3 months and carry a life sentence for possession
Damn that's sad but it's true, good point.
Literally happened in the 70s. In response, Reagan (then governor of California) passes gun control. Yes that Reagan. The interest in gun regulations revitalizes a then-listless NRA, who pivot and eventually blossom into the staggeringly influential political juggernaut it is today. A couple dozen school shootings later, and here we are.
So you are saying Reagan, in effect, killed those kids?
That is quite the stretch.
Ronald Reagan is the devil so yea
it'll be banned in 3 months and carry a life sentence for possession
The guy who got me into shooting and taught me how to build rifles is black. He builds his own ARs and has like seven different AR variants, all interchangeably chambered in 5.56. Some are longer barreled 22 inches with longer range optics. Some are short side charging 9 inch SBRs with suppressors. He regularly shoots with the local PD at their local range and get along great with the guys at his nearest FFL (gun shop). Literally no one cares or is anxious about his skin color. They are just happy that someone else shares the same recreational hobby as them.
There's this stereotype around here on Reddit that gun owners are downright terrified of black people with guns. I think they are thinking about far right wingers but just lump all gun owners together
It's a completely wrong stereotype. I'm a black gun owner, and when I go to the range, I see plenty of black people and plenty of other POC along with white people.
who da fuck would sign that shit
Wait is this not common knowledge?
I thought this was common knowledge as well. People need to learn about the other Black Panther.
This wasn't a nation wide law. It was a California law(i think because it's legal still where I'm from). And it didn't ban guns it banned carrying loaded guns in public places. It was literally a bill against the black Panthers. Reagan signed it because "black people with guns" but it was a Democrat house and a split Senate.
You're obfuscating though, the commenter above was shocked that Reagan was in favor of this. He signed despite having the option of a veto. He's totally right.
Im dating a teacher please dont give her a gun.
I'm training to become a teacher. Please don't give me a gun.
I'm training to become a gun. Please don't give me to a teacher.
A) we cant trust the fucking police to use guns responsibly, how long til teachers start killing kids?
concealed carry citizens have a lower rate of crime than cops.
I also always think of the armed security guard who left his gun in the bathroom - https://www.yorkdispatch.com/story/news/2016/10/14/student-finds-security-guards-loaded-gun-school-bathroom/92049614/
Also, if this is implemented, it won't take long for a cop to shoot a teacher while entering the building or vice versa. Teachers are going to have poor training and be tense, and the police will have no idea that this person running around a school with a gun isn't the shooter. It's such a terrible idea.
Yep, this is what I always think about muricas 'arm everybody' idea.
"I SEE HIM! MID-THIRTIES BLACK MALE WITH A GUN!"
You jest, but something similar has happened.
Honestly the most bullshit decision of all time. To this day it still infuriates me that Yanez walked free.
The fact that this has happened so many fucking times with no repercussions for the officer or the department or anything. They are cold blooded murderers supposedly our "public servants". The amount of times I have seen videos of cops killing innocent people begging for their lives makes me feel absolutely nothing when one dies in the line of duty. Even if you aren't one of the corrupt pos you benefit from corruption through and through.
the problem i have with teachers carrying is this - a school building is basically a large brick building. it can be completely secured & controlled, so keep ALL the guns out instead of adding more in case a shooter shows up. keep all side doors locked from the outside (they all have push bar handles inside that wouldn't be locked from inside), so there's only 1 entrance, through the front office. many, many times i've gone to schools for different events, and someone would wave me in to go through a random door that was unlocked during the school day. stop that. front office only especially during class hours or any hours students are present. walk through metal detectors (and alarm systems if they don't have them) are really the only thing that would need to be added if they used the only 1 entrance model.
You forgot that Parkland happened at the end of the school day when students are streaming out of the school. How do you stop someone from just showing up when school lets out?
that's a good scenario also, i was just talking about inside the brick building...outside stuff is much harder because it's basically wide open and there's no way to physically limit the way in and out. someone could walk up from any direction and do anything once they're outside.
I would just like to point out what you’re describing is a prison.
what i'm describing is what they already built and are supposed to be doing as far as the entrance.
"We should arm citizens in case of emergencies." " Oh shit, shoot he's got a gun!"
"Wait, not all teachers are white?" - T_D
In all seriousness, from the six teachers I know...THEY ALL THINK IT IS A HORRIBLE IDEA for a multitude of reasons. Are there any teachers here who think it's a good idea?
"i signed up to teach children, not to kill one."
RIP Phillando
It's utter madness.

I work at a very large Walmart in Colorado and we have sold two firearms this year
Makes sense. Personally when I think "hey lets go buy a nice gun", i dont typically think Walmart
Nobody goes to Walmart for nice stuff.
Yeah went there for shoes. Was disappointed too find not a single name brand. Was all junk.
The sandals aren't bad though I usually get some knockoff ones and they last me all summer.
Better to shop S-Mart.
They have great boomsticks.
People who carry on about "walking into Walmart and buying a gun in five minutes" don't seem to understand that Walmart sells a very limited selection of guns and most people aren't going to buy from them.
But you could still walk in there and buy one in 5 minutes, right?
It takes longer than five minutes to wrangle someone to actually run the gun counter, in my experience.
Fuck it takes 15 just to wrangle someone to the electronics counter. I'm fairly convinced that counter is run by people who are on break.
Every time I want to buy ammo, I gotta wander the store for several minutes...find someone...get them to ask someone about the ammo counter...get that guy to page the ammo counter guy...wait for the ammo counter guy to get back from rearranging potting soil bags or whatever...then buy my two boxes of Tula. If anything, Walmart is an active impediment to gun violence.
Who needs a waiting period when it takes Walmart a week to get what you asked? taps forehead
What is an FFL? pardon my asking
FFL stands for federal firearms license in this scenario, so i'm guessing its a shop that sells firearms exclusively?
Not exclusively, no. An FFL is the license required to legally sell firearms, and Wal-Mart needs one.
They should use FLGS (friendly local gun store)
That makes sense, thank you
Good luck finding someone to cut fabric
I've never actually seen the Sports/Gun counter manned in 30 years.
Walmart’s entire employee strategy is to hire the fewest and cheapest employees possible. Putting somebody at a counter means they’re waiting on customers and not stocking/customer watching. That’s an additional $9 an hour to provide adequate customer service, which Walmart patrons have proven they don’t really care about.
Just because it’s Walmart doesn’t mean they don’t have to follow the same protocols and background checks that all other gun retailers have to follow. It probably takes even longer given that, as the commenter above said, there’s usually no one tending the counter.
No. You probably need 10-15 minutes to answer the questions on 4473 - depending on how quickly you write/type and what software, if any, they use to generate the form. Then it is another 10-15 minutes to do the NICS check, depending if they call in or use online. Then someone needs to proofread the paperwork, another 5-10 minutes. Then you pay and walk out with the gun. That’s another 5 minutes.
If you can pass a background check
You have never bought a gun I can tell.
The background check takes longer.
I bought my Mossberg at Wal-Mart because it was cheap.
.... That's... Probably not a good sign.
"See this part here about making sure I'm not a murderer? We can skip over that. That's just some pointless bureaucratic stuff"
I always loved the question on the gun application 'are you a fugitive from the law?'
According to the guy at Sportsman's Warehouse when I bought my Glock, they had a few people tick yes on that one. They stalled them until the cops arrived. So apparently it does actually help catch the really really dumb criminals.
Define...fugitive.
Any active warrants, even if they are for a reason that wouldn't prevent you from buying a gun, apparently.
What if I only think I'm wanted by the police for stealing a Vizio Soundbar, but nobody is actually looking for me?
I'd bet that every one of those questions has been answered "yes" truthfully at least a few times.
Hahaha damn.
Three Injured in School Shooting Involving a Slingshot. Perpetrator Blames Frustration with Walmart for His Plight
No, the NICS check takes longer, and there is never anyone working the gun counter, so they always have to find an employee who is on the FFL license and trainned.
Background checks take 5 minutes now? The last time I bought a gun (almost a decade ago) it took 10.
10-20 for me a month ago, ATF is busy
Will the box of 50 Remington .223 ever go on sale for $6.97 like it’s supposedly going to in any Colorado store?
Yeah it's kind of like buying aut patrs there ass well. It will sort of work in a pinch , but the quality stuff is either at an FFL or a dedicated gun shop. We have a Gander Mtn that got rid of it's camping stuff and has a gun bar that runs the entire length of the back of the store.
At least nobody bothers me when I shop for oil at Walmart. I always feel watched and hounded at Advance Auto Parts and AutoZone.
At the store I work at, we've sold 5 and received 11. Our display holds 32 and probably have about 100 total in the store. I've contacted our buyers about not receiving any for a bit with no reply.
They stopped selling ar pattern rifles a few years ago due to lacking sales supposedly
Walmart's gun selection kind of sucks, even in Texas. If you've got an 870, a 700, and idk a .22, you probably aren't gonna find much in there you want. Ammo is worth going for, though.
This is the total truth. Wal-Mart is just reducing their exposure to liability and bad PR.
Same with Dicks Sporting Goods. Gun sales were not great for them last year. Make themselves look good while at the same time removing stock that doesn't move.
It can be both
Definitely is both. Virtue Signalling for Profit - Best Practices, 2012+
In texarkana tx the gun selection is pretty impressive. Arkansas side has more tho
“Resembling”
But the Mini will still be right there on the shelf...
The polytechnique shooting in Canada that made our laws get tighter years ago was done with a Mini-14 and yet everyone is talking about scary black guns. RCMP just arbitrarily chooses what class guns fit into so AR-15 is restricted, some AKs are prohibited, but some AKs are non-restricted... It's a mess and seems to be based entirely on what guns look like.
Get your black leaf blowers and concrete drills while you can!
Dewalt tactical assault drill with extended assault battery. 30 caliber screw in half a second.
what civilian needs 40 minutes of drilling time? You don't need that kind of power to hang up a picture!
"Resembling assault style"


This is great news for small businesses.
This is good for guncoin.








If you're buying a firearm from Walmart, maybe consider buying from a different source.
Why? It's not like Walmart sells some inferior off brand Chinese gun, they sell the exact same guns you'd find at Cabela's. Bought my 12 gauge there for like $205 or so.
They don't sell off-brand Chinese guns, they sell off-brand Turkish guns. I'll admit though, bought one of those Hatfield single shot 20 gauges from them for 75 bucks, enjoy it a lot more than I thought I was going to.
$75? Damn. I know shotguns are cheap but damn.
They're normally 99 bucks. It's a cheap break action single shot. I bought it for small game hunting and just to mess around shooting trap.
You should pick up the high capacity clipazine for it. Turn it into an assault shot glock.
Don't forget the silencer! All shot guns need silencers.
If you want to see something crazy find an old Sears and Roebuck catalogue, you could buy one through mail order
Most people buying firearms don't buy from walmart. If they did, the company would be singing a different tune.
WalMart is great if you want a variety of cheap pump shotguns, 10-22s, Marlin >clips and dirty cheap ammo for dirty cheap pawnshop guns, like mine.
A lot of ammo sold there.
Still far cheaper to buy online.
Walmart has Federal Brass 9mm in 100rd boxes for $20 all the time. That's $200 for 1k rounds. I'm okay with the extra $1/box for instant gratification.
My Louisiana Walmart's massive gun section begs to differ.
LOL. Dude, EVERY STORE in LA is a gun store if you ask politely enough. :)
Except Walmart is the single largest firearms retailer in the country...
You just have to sell 10 each guns from 200 stores a week to easily beat out that one store that moves 300 rifles a day
By number of firearms sold or by number of stores that sell firearms?
It's because firearm sales are fragmented.
Wal-Mart is a huge entity with a large supply chain. That is the only real reason they are number one. Each state has retailers who sell more guns than Wal-Mart (except for maybe Arkansas.)
"Assault style rifles" is such a meaningless term. There are rifles with the same capabilities as the AR-15 that look more like hunting rifles yet no push to ban them because they don't look as scary
Resembling assault style rifles is the most bass ackward way of saying spooky lookin guns I've ever seen
Yeah I wish they would just come up with a valid definition of guns instead of what it looks like
That requires research, understanding of guns, and honesty in reporting though. So basically it’ll never happen.
Also it allows them to cast the net wider in the future.

Because there isn't one that isn't a ban on semi automatics.
And nobody understands what a semiautomatic is.
Just go back to calling them self-loading rifles. People already see that SLR suffix on other stuff so it can't be that scary, right?
Semi-automatic rifles include a lot of hunting rifles that usually hold like 3-5 bullets.
It also wouldn't include AR pistols, which are functionally identical to AR-15s with an arm brace instead of a shoulder stock.

They want to appear caring despite not selling AR15s in any store for years already.
“Oh no, it’s black, has a muzzle shroud, picatinny rails and a pistol grip. That means it’s a super dangerous assault weapon. Now this mini-14 on the other hand is just a harmless hunting rifle despite the fact that it’s pretty much the exact same gun but with a wooden stock.” -most scarily uniformed news outlets, 2018
That's hillarious that you used a mini 14 in your statement! I just built a mini-30 with the synthetic body, and the stabilizer bar, so it's now a poor man's DMR. It was the rifle I used to take my first hog. I mounted a 3x Burris combo on it and haven't looked back.
All this hype actually has me wanting to sell my AR15 A2 Classic (beast of a full sized "scary looking" AR15) and buy a "friendly" "ranch gun" like the mini 14 with a wood stock.
I assume they're keeping the ARs with blued finishes and wood furniture, then?
Well, those aren't assault ARs so they're safer.
Yep. Wood=less deadly confirmed
They are discriminating against them based on their appearance. .223 is a very damaging round when compared to a 12ga PDX slug/ 00 shot combo... If they ever figured out that grandpa's shotgun could remove a door at ten yards they would freak out. God forbid they learn about dragon's breathe....
Did you just sit here with a straight face and tell the world a 5.56/.223 is less damaging than a 12 gauge shell?
It is less damaging unless you’re talking about birdshot. It even has less penetration.
I'm not saying I want another mass shooting, I hope they never happen again, but when it does happen I really hope the guns look like nerf guns or super soakers.
Walmart sells a negligible amount of guns, same with Dick’s. Shitty selection, worse prices. This is literally just a PR stunt by them to grab positive media attention.
They’re trying to pull a “Lyft” right now.
Walmart is actually helping small businesses now, local and online stores will get their customers.
Firearm sellers are extremely excited about these new developments. The less places selling America's most popular rifle the better as far as they're concerned.
Walmart hasn't sold ARs since 2015.
Seriously though, my Walmart has had the same 7 guns in stock for about 7 years now. The entire store has changed more than their stock of firearms has.
They haven't sold sold the pregnant Barbie for 15 years either.
Because she gave birth 14 years ago






Agreed. It's major chains that sell loads of other products that are stopping sales. This is a huge boost for actual gun shops.
No one buys Rifles from Walmart.
Ive bought a fair bit of ammo from walmart(they dont sell guns here in canada, would have to go to canadian tire for that!), but I dont think I would be interested in buying a gun there even if they did.
It's a good thing they don't sell assault rifles then huh
If you look at the mass shootings in recent history ( Sandy Hook, VA Tech, Orlando, Las Vegas, Texas Church, FL High School, etc) only two were done by someone under 21 , and of the two, one used his moms guns...never bought them himself. So, nothing will change really, but it will make a % of the population “feel” safer. At the end of the day, that’s all it really is...the illusion of safety. If someone is hell bent on doing an act they will find a way.
Pistol purchases were already 21+ only. Pistols account for the majority of gun deaths. I don’t think this will help other than virtue signaling.
I don’t think this will help with anything but virtue signaling
Not that I'm against all gun control measures, but it's pathetic that they need to remove weapons that are functionally the same as other weapons because stupid people think they're machine guns.
I seriously had a co-worker claiming that AR's were machine guns at work this week. The worst part is that he owns a couple .22LR rifles so you would think he wouldn't be such a large idiot.
If it's a 10/22 tell him it's an assualt weapon. It's semi auto after all..
tell him that all you need is google and a dremel tool to turn a .22lr 10/22 into a full auto weapon.
So what’s the official definition of an ‘assault-style rifle’?
Black, adjustable stock, detachable magazine, has picatinny rails, isn't a bolt action rifle. They'll start banning black leverguns after they ban semi autos.
Don't forget about those scary bolt action "sniper style" rifles.
Especially if they come in black and not a forest camo. If they come in black it makes your .223 capable of hitting people at 1500m
It looks like a weapon from call of duty. Fires the same ammo at the same speed, but looks like an evil Russian version of a rifle.
Does it make someone who has no idea of how guns work knees wobble?
Yeah. Wait and see. They made a big public deal about removing cigarettes years ago. Then a few months later, quietly started selling them again.
Do you have a source for this? Are you sure you aren't mixing this up with CVS? I can't find any info about Walmart claiming it would stop selling cigarettes. It's actually the opposite, after CVS stopped selling cigarettes Walmart confirmed that they would continue to sell them.
"items resembling assault-style rifles"
How closely resembling?
Shit, I need to pick up my tactical lead blower before its too late. /s
Sicko. Who needs to blow that many leaves at once?
Ever been to a Canadian gangbang?
Funny how everyone's up in arms about "assault weapons" even though there are plenty of "less scary looking wooden" longarms with rifle grips, and the same capabilities as an AR. Also handguns by and large kill the most people.
You'd think more people would be scared of handguns as opposed to "Assault" Rifles.
Exactly. You can go get a glock for like $400 and slap a 33 round magazine in there. Hell they sell 100 round drum magazines for them.
I can see it now: at the range with a Glock 40, each successive round hitting a little lower on the target...
No no, not assault rifles. Assault rifles are an actual thing.
it's gotta have a shoulder thing that goes up.
Don't forget incendiary rounds which are heat seeking!
And it has infant tracking bullets and bump stocks can make them 100% accurate while increasing the fire rate to 10000rpm!
Ugh...fire rates.
Someone should make a semi auto with some sort of lever or bolt you have to manipulate to eject the spent cartridge and inject another. I'd bet they'd make millions.
Any weapon that can be used in an assault; glass bottles, baseball bats, those little corn-shaped corn holders.
I'm fire arms trained and carry on the daily. If I met some poor bastard with nothing to lose in a back alley. Who was carrying corn holders like ninja stars. I would poop cameras. Well, bricks but you can only get bricks if you buy cameras from Amazon.
ban corn
Just wait. If they somehow manage to ban AR-15s, someone will shoot up a school with a Mini-14 and they'll be baffled as to how their ban did nothing.
It's kinda funny how hollow the demand on them is because they didn't remove the guns based on any reason (at least based on the title), just 'resembling'. People don't even know what they want to ban, propaganda has worked so well on them that any black, non-wood long rifle is something to be feared.
Serious question. What's the legality of refusing to sell someone a gun if they are of current legal age for that state? Can Walmart, or any retailer for that matter, arbitrarily change their purchase age on items? Do you foresee lawsuits incoming?
Age discrimination in public accomodation is legal at the federal level. But yeah, I believe some states and counties have established it as a protected class. So I'm not sure how that would play out.
I don't think there are any age discrimination laws that protect young people. They usually only protect against discrimination because someone is older than a certain age (like if a company refused to hire developers over 50 years old)
This is 100% true otherwise insurance agencys would die
They are ceasing the sale of some airsoft guns. Wtf???
They look scary man!
Friendly reminder to anyone looking at purchasing a firearm; check out your local gun store first. There’s a good chance they’ll be cheaper, more knowledgable and more thorough with your application purchase. Also a good avenue if you are interested in pursuing a conceal carry permit or further education.
As I would agrew buying from local guys rather than brick and mortar stores that sell other things than gun related stuff, online sales are by far cheaper.
Online sales can be cheaper but you gotta get it sent to a FFL which is usually your local gun store. So depending how much your LGS charges for that kind of thing, it might just be better to buy local and get it now.



What age for Tide Pods?

Black plastic is terrifying and picatinny rail is fascist and racist.
Sign up and join the military at 18. Can't buy a gun at Walmart until your 21. What the fuck.
17 if you have parental permission
Can't buy a beer at the bar, either.
lmao, Walmart hasn't sold "assault-style rifles" for years. Same for Dicks. Nobody shops at Dicks for guns and almost nowhere has Dicks ever sold AR15s anyway.
The article states "remove items resembling assault-style rifles". This is referring to Air-soft, BB, and toy guns resembling them, not assault rifles themselves, just for clarity sake.
That's even more laughable. What is that supposed to do?
/shrug Just clearing up the confusion, lol.
TIL that, in the US, you can buy guns before you are 21, but you can't buy alcohol. Kind of messed up, really.
So no 19,20 year old's going to the military from now on then too?
this is a slippery slope. I mean if Airman Snuffy, Security Forces Extraordinaire, can man the gate or sit on the flight line at the ripe old age of 17 with an M9 and M4 but not legally own either until the age of 21 then Whiskey Tango Foxtrot?
Walmart pulled this shit after Sandy Hook and hasn't sold a AR15 since and it wasn't even because of the shooting. It was because they can't compete in prices. They are just looking to virtue signal same as Dick's. Their selection sucks and their prices sucked. No real gun owner shops at Walmart for firearms.
That’ll stop the terrorists.

Walmart's Statement
So no Nerf guns? That sucks.
Wow, I heard some people wanted to boycott Dick's Sporting Goods for doing this. Good luck on not buying anything from Walmart anymore
Never thought about it, but your comment made me realize I haven't been to Walmart in, what must be, 15 years now.
Please link to the source whenever possible.
Hello, and welcome to /r/PoliticalHumor! Glad to have you. Please be sure to read the rules:
It looks like the elephant used his back door forcefully. I hate it when that happens.
You must have one of them new fangled back door politicians



The back door has a way of locking itself up when forceful entry is detected.
The body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down
Especially when they finger you first.
If I support people having proper access to medical care, social security and want to defend their constitutional right to bear arms, how do I respond to this?
Sure must suck to pay into social security only to have it used as a slush fund and while knowing you probably won't see it :(
It's alright, when the money runs out we can eat our guns.
We can hunt with guns?
We don’t have enough wildlife for most people to survive on hunting.
Start eating people
The most dangerous game...
Goddam libruls always tryin to eat my guns!
Why can't we have social security, medicare, AND guns. Why are these things made out to be mutually exclusive all the time.
I dunno but it sucks. My most important issues that I'm essentially no compromise on get split between the two parties. Why can't any party support full rights for everything?
Electoral reform. We need a voting method where a multiparty outcome is the stable point of the system. First past the post naturally leads to a two party system.
And which one of the two parties will help with your cause?
Best idea is to do it State-by-State, maybe even by public initiatives. Get enough support and it could spur a national change (but would take a lot of effort).
I agree, the only to get it started is to work up, starting from a local level.
You have a right to as many guns as you want.
As long as you pay for them...
What a wonderful idea. We should get everyone to pay for guns for those who don't have the disposable income to buy their own! It is a constitutional right after all!
Because only one of these things is a right in the US.
if a police officer sees someone dying in the street, they call an ambulance. the need for healthcare isn't a "right" or a "privilege;" it is a fundamental reality of modern human existence. the debate should be about how to save more lives in the most cost-effective way.
One of these things is far less important than the others, which should by any moral standard be rights.
Then the politicians wouldn't have issues to use to manipulate us against each other with instead of holding our leaders accountable.
winner, winner, chicken dinner
Why can't we have social security, medicare, AND guns
I think it depends on the Democrat. I live in CA and 75% or more of my friends on the left support nothing short of a complete ban.
It's the 75% of your friends that we worry about. Most of my friends have the mentality that if we give the gun-control advocates an inch, they're going to keep pushing for a mile. I'm not trying to discuss the merits of either side's thoughts, I'd love to find some sensible way for everyone to be happy. I don't think that'll ever happen though.
I'm Alabamian. If my dad drives into the wrong state with what's in his trunk it's decades in prison.






Well if you’re crossing state borders you’ll likely want to make sure you’re obeying the laws of that state, no?
Absolutely. The point is is that there are definite and dramatic differences between red and blue on guns. It's lying to say they both treat gun control the same. Let's be honest about differences.
I'm not from the US, but can't you drive through a state with firearms that aren't legal there (but are in your home state) if you have the right paperwork and the guns stay properly contained?
Yes you can. The Firearm Owners' Protection Act of 1986
Unless it's New Jersey. Some seriously scary things have happened to people trying their absolute damnedest to obey the law in NJ.
People always bring up "common sense" gun laws and never seem to be able to explain what that means. What new regulations would you suggest? I'm not trying to be antagonistic, I am genuinely interested.
Well, we can start with allowing the agency tasked with firearms background checks to use computers for their record keeping.
They're also horribly understaffed and underfunded and gun salesmen can't even access NICS
Do you have medically diagnosed mental health issues that pertains to violence or inability to parse reality? No guns for you.
Point 4 is kind of crap. No guns if your actually charged with something. Under investigation is way to broad a term.
Honestly the whole juggalo ordeal makes the gang classification really suspect too.
Agreed. Gotta have due process if the government is going to take something away from you.
1, 2, 3, and 5 are already law. Those make sense, we obviously don't want to be selling guns to convicted murderers, people making threats to kill people, or people who aren't mentally competent or who can't understand the consequences of their actions.
Number 5- Have you ever been investigated? Nothing about convicted, just investigated?
It's as if he doesn't understand due process.
A lot of those points you listed are already in place. For example, number 2 on your list is why the air force is catching a lot of flak for the recent church shooting in Texas. The shooter had a history of domestic abuse and that should have disqualified him from buying a gun, but for whatever reason the base he was stationed on when the abuse happened failed to enter it into the system.
1 and 4 will never pass and aren't the best idea. You shouldn't be able to restrict someone's rights if they haven't been convicted of anything illegal. I don't think a doctor should have the authority to determine what rights someone has, and if a diagnosis of a mental illness is enough to take away someone's guns, you'll have a lot of people avoiding getting help.
I have an issue with 4 as well. The gang designation thing is pretty loose. Fucking jugglalos are considered a gang.
the fundamental notion that gun ownership should not be an inalienable right.
"We need to ban machine guns! Nobody needs an automatic weapon"
But seriously, fuck Regan
One of the key points is closing the 'gun show loophole' which allows many individuals who should not own guns to get them with extreme ease. Another is (edit: more extensive) background checks for buying guns, so that the mentally ill or otherwise unstable can't obtain them. There are more points, but that's two major ones.
The gun show loophole seems to be misunderstood by many people. All FFL dealers need to run a NCIS check on anyone they sell a gun to, this background check could definitely be improved though. The problem is regulating private sales which can occur at a show or anywhere else but how do you stop people from selling their property?
The same way you do with cars, make it a legal transfer with oversight.
Nothing is stopping you from buying a car off craigslist in cash with no title and not registering it. There is only legal oversight if you want to register the car and drive on public roads.
What oversight is there for selling a car between two individuals? Here's the keys and the title, give me the cash. Have fun with your new car, I'm going to the strip club.
nobody's as of yet proposed legislation to do that.
In my state private sales need to be done through a FFL so that a background check can be performed.
Background checks for buying guns from a FFL dealer are mandatory in every single state of the US. If you're mentally ill you're not allowed to own a gun. I think we should probably focus on making sure that the current laws are properly enforced (they're not) before we try to write more "common sense" gun control laws.
Do you think they will ban fully-automatic weapons before or after they ban silencers and rifles with short barrels?




They just want sensible regulations.
"Assault weapon ban" isn't sensible. Wtf is an assault weapon?
Black gun with the shoulder thing that goes up
And a scary looking barrel shroud
The actual definition is any gun that looks scary.
Detroit, Chicago, St. Louis, Baltimore, Ferguson, Cleveland. Vote democrat? Keep your guns? Are you truly this dense?
Democrats aren't out to take your guns. They just want sensible regulations.
Please don't use that rhetoric. The Republicans say that they just passed a "sensible tax bill".
Lol no thanks. I don't think having foregrips banned on my AR is sensable at the slightest.
sensible
/r/nowttyg
If there's one thing that will absolutely not win over gun owners, it's the use of the term sensible or common sense. Lots of totally crazy shit has been defended as "common sense." It's supremely patronizing to insist that something is common sense when it actually isn't—and now that the term has been abused, productive use of it is no longer possible.

You only think what you want is sensible because it doesn't affect you.
Ask anyone on /r/liberalgunowners how they feel about "Sensible Regulations."
Californian here...
Hi, my name is Avery Banks. Im running for governor of California and im basically a progressive democrat but i want less gun restrictions. Better background checks etc im on board with, but making laws to restrict weapon types and attachments serve no purpose but to pander to a base of hard left voters.
If you can get rid of the handgun roster I'll name my firstborn child after you.
Right? I seriously wish that the Democratic party would just drop gun control from its platform. We lost that war and we're never going to win it. It's not a hill worth losing safety nets over and not worth gambling when we could be pushing for medicare for all and publicly funded university.
Because guns you pay for yourself and medicare and security(assuming you mean police and military ) is paid by taxes.
You can, and likely will.
I wish I could send this to my boyfriend’s father. He voted for Trump mostly for his gun policy. Said he didn’t watch any of the debates and didn’t even know Hillary’s policy.
print it out, send it by post with no return address. its what I do with my brother inlaw since i dont want to deal with the evil liberal talk. its especially great when they start getting paranoid by the great liberal conspiracy and how the dems are watching him. On a side note, I think his liberal hate is starting to border on mental illness, he even says star wars is a liberal plot with liberal hollywood writers try to push the liberal agenda.
Put George Soros as the return address.
Kilo is just trying to make the empire great again. But you know those lousy rebels will say or do ANYTHING. Also what happened to Obi-Wans e-mails? What about benghazi tatooine?
Kilo
I was expecting him with 999 clones of him, but that works too, I guess.
I was expecting him with cocaine.
The Death Star was an inside job
I mean, but it was tho
Part of what makes it so funny in my opinion
Proton torpedos can’t melt reactor cores.
I too, watched Rogue One.
INVESTIGATE DEATH STARGATE!!!
Did I hear Stargate?
Indeed.
r/empiredidnothingwrong
Maybe he'd like to spend some quality time in a conservative country. If he's a religious conservative, there's Afghanistan, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan or Iran. If he's more of the "Government has the right to force their morality on all of us" there's China, Eritrea and North Korea. If he's a small government kind of conservative, there's Somalia and DR Congo.
Seems Star Wars as liberal propaganda isn’t an uncommon view. There was a video trending on YouTube the other day about it.
To be fair it kind of is. I quite like their message of all super rich people are evil and if you don't like to government you should blow it up.
But the rebels/resistance have a princess bankrolling the whole thing.
What does she have though? She's princess to a cloud of dust. Everything she ever knew was vaporized.
The House of Organa is one richest and oldest dynasties in the galaxy. Their holdings went far beyond one planet. Alderaan getting destroyed was equivalent to a billionaire's private island being destroyed.
Oldest and richest and everything was left to the little girl that was adopted and not even really part of the family and not one member of this rich old dynasty sued or anything? hmmm.
all super rich people are evil
not caring about good or evil seems pretty evil to me.
...thats not the liberal agenda. The right is the one that wants to shrink govt.

What is propaganda is the video you are mentioning. Alt-right propaganda to be specific.
When you're as batshit far right as people here in the US are, everything else is liberal propaganda.
Ever listened to Limbaugh? It’s a constant stream of “the left is the enemy” - nothing else matters more than which team you say you’re on.
Then while we're gearing up to go to war with them, this comic is duplicated with us at the window and the oligarchs sneaking out the back with our money.
I agree, they certainly treat us like we're their enemies.
You mail anonymous, passive-aggressive political cartoons to your in-law so they won't debate you about said cartoon?
Debate? lol you call screeching and frothing at the mouth about god damn libruls eating babies and stealing guns debating? Anytime you try to show them facts all backed up by every source on the planet except faux news and breitbarf they scream fake news until you give up. What debate can be had?
This is the right’s calling card. Base blatantly idiotic positions on propaganda they hear in their respective echo chambers, then cry about not being “debated”. The idea of debate in this country is gone, because 33 percent of us refuse to accept objective reality. The right discounts and discredits any source of information that is not trump himself or FOXNews. If I base my reasoning upon a fact that has been proven by several sources, and you call it fake news, we will get nowhere. For some reason they cannot understand that.
And with Trump you can easily find a sound byte of him either supporting or not supporting the thing you are discussing.
Right, but then their response is that it’s either fake audio, or he is misunderstood, or that’s not what he meant, or what about Hillary, or etc. etc. etc.
After watching faux news, it's pretty clear to see where they get their 'debate skills'.
The way they still have so many people hooked is because they still call themselves “news”. It is commentary. And that’s putting it nicely, it’s really state propaganda. Trump feeds off Fox and Fox knows this. It’s terrifying that our supposed leader is such a simple minded doofus that he gets all of his talking points from a pathetic right wing talk show.
It's a coping mechanism.
Hey, that isn’t true! They never discredit Breitbart or DrudgeReport.
Good save. Forgot about those shining examples of integrity.
The pinnacle of Amerikan journalism
so much fucking THIS.
That's true, you can't debate morons and fanatics. Look at any gun discussion on askreddit, comments supporting gun control get downvoted instantly and stupid NRA talking points get voted to the top, very frustrating.
I had a guy at my office who would always come to my office in the afternoon with the day's latest talk radio propaganda, and try to a game of "stump the liberal" with me. I would always patiently listen to the garbage, and within minutes bring up the real news on my computer to prove everything he said was wrong. After a point I just got tired of it, because it was like he knew everything they say is a lie, but he likes what they say, and nothing could convince him to stop listening to it. I realized he just needed one "win" to validate everything.
That's exactly what I get when I try debating with my boss. It's what I got when debating a family friend. She ended up removing me on Facebook after I posted an FDR quote.
debating with my boss
Dunno if he'd watch it but "The Brainwashing Of My Dad" is an amazing documentary.
a lot of older white dudes (my own family included) seem to have political views that veer into mental illness.
Not that it justified the decision or anything, especially because he didnt watch the debates, but Hillary did say she supported rolling back legal protections on US gun manufacturers that allowed people to sue them if someone uses that brand of gun in a crime against them and their loved ones. Sen. Sanders vehemently disagreed with this position stating that it would be a defacto ban on US domestic gun production because it would make domestic production so unprofitable because of legal losses that those companies would go under or move overseas and thus destroy the entire industry and every job in it.
Sanders was the only sane choice. Think where we'd be with him in the white house. Even with a republican congress and zero legislation in four years, we'd be a sight better off than now.
Tell him about /r/liberalgunowners and the Liberal Gun Club
Maybe you should look back at Democrats and ask them why they constantly give ammunition (no pun intended) to the people who say that Democrats want to take their guns?
Picking up a new loaded gun is faster them reloading previous gun
Matrix lobby scene confirms this.
I mean that is what GOP supporters voted for... Are they really being "robbed" of their healthcare and social security if that's what they wanted?
No, they voted to have those things taken away from other people. The shock will come when they lose them too.
"I never expected leopards to eat my face" -woman who voted for the leopards eating people's faces party.
There is a stupid amount of people who hate paying for other people to have "Obamacare" but get their insurance through the Affordable Care Act. Without realizing it's the exact same thing
And who accuse other people of bilking the system and living on tax money while drawing disability pensions.
That's true, that's what happens when you let your racism/classism outweigh your logic. I don't pity them one bit.
No. It's just this is referencing those trump voters who start freaking out on social media because their obamacare is being taken from them. They're just misinformed for the most part and especially old people vote against their common interests.
What happened to "they want to kill your grandmother"?
Question. If they do take social security will I get back all the money I put into it if it's not available for me?
No. Your social security taxes go towards the people currently withdrawing from it. I wouldn't count on social security if you're a millennial. Chances are you'll have to either be much older to withdraw by the time you could have, or it'll be gone altogether
It'll be gone. The people drawing it now are living longer as will the baby boomers when they retire. That large boomer generation will suck up a majority of it.
Actually, if Medicare gets gutted, the baby boomers may not live very long. They're riddled with chronic illnesses. Nursing homes are heavily funded by Medicare. Without it, they will literally close up shop and send their residents to live with their children.
Yeah it's tricky. People living longer will require people to withdraw slower, or wait longer. And if you're forced to wait till you're, say 70, then it'll be even more difficult to get a job/keep one because people don't like to hire old people as much
If they killed SS, then the older generation shouldn't get it.
But they've been paying into it their whole lives already. It's a shitty situation it's put us in. No matter what, at least one generation is gonna pay into it without getting anything back. Should've had individual retirement savings accounts. That would've solved the problem and you could voluntarily pay into it.
Social security is a tax, not an investment or savings account. You have zero legal right to the money that has been taken from you.
You're right, we don't have a legal right to get that money back. We were taxed with a promise that we would be supported. So there is an ethical and moral right, and all governments ultimately rest on the consent of the governed.
Sounds like theft to me
Well, we currently have a legal right to it (by qualifying when we're older), but it isn't a constitutional right, so any majority of federal legislators can remove that right with a vote.
deleted What is this?
Need more bible clinging.
I feel as though if the government ever does get to the point where the masses have to use their guns to fight back most of these people will side with the government.
Oh absolutely. They love authoritarian governments and support making a military built on conquering any army including their own people.
Having spoken with many of them, they'll fight and die, then the "government will take their guns."
Depends on who's president. Obama and Trump could literally make the exact same order and the gun nuts would follow Trump into the fire while fighting back against "Obama's troops".
And a couple of confederate flags and a MAGA hat.
Imagine thinking every conservative person is a racist, I guess every Democrat is an antifa terrorist, slippery slopes are fun.
There is a maga hat
bible is open to the part "love thy neighbor" while they yell at liberals, gays, and minorities. or a liberal gay minority
Obama is going to take your guns any minute now.
Gavin Newsom (Lt. Governor of CA) literally posted a video a week ago that stated “We are coming for your guns” so it’s not unreasonable to fear it
I feel if the democratic party dropped the gun control issue they would have so many more supporters.
Well according to my American cousin his mother (81) says the millenials don't deserve social security and medicare if all they do is complain and expect handouts. Apparently she feels millenials dont and won't contribute enough as her generation did..sigh.
As a former gun nut and current respecter of gun rights, this cartoon is scary accurate. The democrats record of preserving gun rights is pretty good. I think gun hoarders are a very paranoid bunch, and facts are irrelevant to them. Obama is still a gun grabber, although he didn't touch gun rights in the aftermath of some of the most horrible mass shootings in US history. I cannot comprehend their logic.
That whole assualt rifle, ammunition scare was the most effective marketing strategy in history.
Obama is still a gun grabber, although he didn't touch gun rights in the aftermath of some of the most horrible mass shootings


Because people are brainwashed to believe anyone with (D) next to their names is after your guns. They were constantly yelling that shit about Doug Jones even though he said he didn't want to change current gun laws.
Everyone is laughing at the poor slob as if he's an idiot for getting taken.
Bernie's tax plan should have passed!
Bernie’s plan should have passed! Double the child tax credit, give millions of dollars back to the middle class, a family of 4 that makes less than 50k pays NOTHING. Companies that invest in impoverished areas get tax breaks, now THAT kind of tax plan would have MADE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
The key difference in the overlap you've highlighted here between Bernie's plan and that of the Republicans, is that Bernie's plan payed for those things. The Republican plan opposite pays for it.
Dems need to drop the gun issue already
Frequently Asked Questions
First rule of Libertarianism: nobody's actually a Libertarian except you.
Two Libertarians, three opinions
What do you get when you put three libertarians in a room? Four libertarian splinter groups.
This made me lol
Ain't that the truth!
I don't get this, can somebody explain?
We are so fractured that we have more opinions than people
We come up with our opinions on our own instead of some party platform... therefore there are always differences in opinion. And since we generally want to have a better understanding of our views and to change them if wrong... we often enjoy arguing about those differences in order help make those determinations and test our ideas.
“I am the ONLY libertarian, the ultimate repressed minority. I build my own roads. I carry my own mail. I earn every cent I have and everything is taken from me via theft.”
You can't tell people they are or are not libertarian, you authoritarian fuck. Get out!
"I have no strong feelings one way or the other."
"If I don't survive, tell my wife I said 'Hello'."
Live Free or Don't
I strongly believe everyone should be more apathetic...or not
What makes a man go neutral, Kif?
Lust for gold? Power? Or were you just born with a heart full of neutrality?
What makes a man turn neutral? Lust for gold? Power? Or were you born with a heart full of neutrality?
I mean, mostly weed.
I swear to god smoking weed as a wind down every now and then turned me from one angry-at-the-world motherfucker to realising that if I just get stressed and angry at everything, I'm the only loser. What's the point living my life feeling like shit and being so angry. #
Same reason I do It. Get in a bad mood? Smoke. Everyone around me is a lot happier and I’m a lot less stressed. End of the day only. 8-10 pm
Same here. On a day off I'll get "business baked" so I can go about my daily routine but on my work days it's just an evening relaxer.
WTF?????? you get a day off???? Now I gotta smoke. I’m off 6 days a year and 2 weeks vacation.
I'm just here for the stoner giggles.
Ummmm, sure. That and a pair of testicles.
You're joking, but perhaps you're right.
All I know is that my gut says maybe
"Stupid centrist, you aren't libertarian!"
Your neutralness, we have a beige alert!
What business is it of yours where I am? Fucking statist.
Am I being detained? AM I BEING DETAINED??
You cant tell people that they cant tell people that they are or are not libertarian, you big government shill
I bet they’re collecting Social Security, too!
You cant make him get out you authoritarian fuck!
Donald Trump and sound logical reasoning are natural enemies. Like libertarians and socialists, or libertarians and communists, or libertarians and republicans, or libertarians and democrats, or libertarians and other libertarians. Damn libertarians, they ruined libertarianism!
You libertarians sure are a contentious people
You just made an enemy for life!
But they support your right to not be contentious
Who are you to tell me what I support?
Probably one of those damn librarians
For anyone unfamiliar, this is a referance to the simpsons. The janitor, Willy, one day says something to the effect of "brother and sisters, natural enemies. Like the english and the scotts, the greeks and the scotts, the scotts and the scotts, damned scots, they ruined scottland." It's a good episode i recommend you watch it.
Don't tell me what to do.
Don't tell him what to do.
Don't tell him not to tell people what to do.
You ruined the fucking joke, just like your libertarianism ruined libertarianism.
im sorry :(
That's a no true Scotsman fallacy delete this now peon
It is true that both Noam Chomsky and Ron Paul call themselves libertarians.
Meh the difference is the idea of collectivism. Should rights be protected against groups we are forced to listen to(government) or all groups that take advantage of the power of collectivism (corporations and the such).
Only individuals have rights.
So I don't disagree. But the issue is effective impact. Essentially what I think of as the network effect.
No true Scotsman Libertarian
I thought you just had to yell out "taxes are theffft!!!! " and you were in the club.
It's not a bad rule. And at a very meta level, it actually works.
You can easily tell whom is and isn’t.
Isn't that just an-caps? Libertarism is the government must provide military and courts.
Ask the question, in what type of conditions should a government raise taxes? And what type of conditions should a government increase spending?
Libertarians don’t know what libertarians are
Why did the Libertarian cross the road?
It depends. Did you pay for that road?
I am a free citizen of planet earth and i travel in peace.
I have a feeling a lot of people are missing what libertianism is.
What's libertianism
A collection of political philosophies based on the tenants of liberty, individuality, and mistrust of authority.
Genuine question: With a general mistrust of authority, what authority is libertarianism willing to provide the government? Because that by itself sounds like a pathway to anarchy.
I want to give the government enough power to stop someone else from becoming the government.
I am the government.
Not yet.
It's treason then.
I see where you're coming from but that's a pretty indeterminate figure
Libertarians don't work in absolutes...
Actually to me it makes more sense than anything I've heard. Keep corporations from from ruling essentially.
But if the only power of a government is to prevent others from becoming a government... Then they aren't actually governing anything at all because they have no governing power? Or is there something I'm missing?
They would there to ensure there is no king basically. Regulations where they need be to keep some capitalistic entity out of too much power. Right now, we have a government run by corporations.
The more you limit the power of the government, the less that lack of trust matters, as it becomes difficult for them to harm you. If you limit government functions to those that protect rights, then you have a valid government. Also, when you wield less power, you are less inclined to abuse it.
Think of private businesses. They aren't always trustworthy, but they don't actually have any power over you,
In my opinion Libertarianism is the opposite of Authoritarianism. There can be right wing or left wing Libertarians as well as Authoritarians.
relevant meme
Exactly. Political leanings are on a spectrum from authoritarian to anarchist and libertarian leans closer to the anarchist side with tons of room for deviation. I think it was Sarwark or Sharpe that said "if your needle points more to liberty, congratulations, you're a libertarian"
anarchism is a specific ideology. Libertarian is more of an umbrella term. Anarchists are still libertarians.
Most "libertarians" I've met are just Republicans who like weed
Hm. That's odd. Most of the Libertarians that I know are pretty anti-regulation, but that includes moral regulation on issues like abortion, prostitution, marriage equality, other things that the Republicans are staunchly in favor of.
That's me. But I don't know any other libertarians. I've met many who are in favor of small goverent for themselves and a shit load for everyone else. I'm pretty sure they are simply refusing to admit they are conservatives, just like thier parents.
Pretty much why I abandoned the GOP around the turn of the century. You can’t legislate morality based on your religious opinions.
Sure, most people probably do not know what Republicans or Democrats stand for other than 3 or so social issues.
[deleted]
You can pry my training hour regulations from my cold dead hands. /s
No incentive for governments to act against their interest. Less to do, less people to employ. Most regulations are jobs programs.
Most regulations are there because either someone fucked something up once or someone foresaw something possibly getting fucked up in the future, probably inspired by similar fuckups in other areas.
Or somebody went to a lobbying firm because they realized new regulations would unduly benefit them and harm all their competition.
Oh yeah, youre right of course. But lets not pretend things like safe work environment and safe food standards are only there to bloat the government
Non-libertarian, non-asshole here. You will get more agreement on that. Radical Moderates like myself will join you. Not the no regulation thing though. That shit is cray cray.
Down with the Radical Moderates! We Moderate Radicals shall defeat you!
I believe its usually 1000 hours of training. My mother has been doing hair for over 35 years and has been certified since she was 16. At one point she was going to start her own school for cosmetology. My mom has owned many small businesses and she has always said that alot of the people who get out of those schools are not ready to do hair, not just cut it but highlights and color. I am not sure how I feel about abandoning certifications. In order to make a living in the beauty industry you usually have to be a jack of all trades when it comes to hair.
Yeah, people always hold up needing a license for cutting hair or nails as this ridiculous thing, which just tells me they don't appreciate how much skill those things take at a professional level, or how bad the results of improper handling of hygiene or the chemicals involved can be.
My favorite thing about this sub is that it’s too libertarian to kick the socialists and alt-fighters out for their dissenting opinions. Their respective subs are like North Korea when it comes to silencing others. They’re all about free speech until it’s something they disagree with.
I'm with ya. I actually think libertarianism is an incredibly naive worldview, but people here never are against an actual discussion.
I'm a dem, but I love coming here and debating shit. The fact that everyone here is willing to engage in conversation is really respectable I think.
Well here, we don't censor people with different views. The point is to see all sides of issues. Other political subs want to live in an echo chamber.
Those places can’t be the echo chambers they are without the mods that make it that way. While many users are likely drawn to echo-chambers in a general sense, I sincerely don’t believe the vast majority of users want their echo-chambers to be created through the banning of all outside opinions. Things get pretty awful as soon as the subreddit moderators make banning users the immediate remedy to all issues. I don’t really blame the communities themselves for the way those moderation choices have affected the communities. So I blame the mods and the users that agree with those tactics.
I sincerely don’t believe the vast majority of users want their echo-chambers to be created through the banning of all outside opinions.
I mean is it as naive as socialism? Or communism? The realest solution is going to be some sort of compromise between the two. Like if the state provides your food/water/rent and healthcare and legit nothing else. Then everything else is hella libertarian like the NAP and gay weed farmers being able to defend their land with guns. I'd live in that society.
The realest solution is going to be some sort of compromise between the two
The compromise should be 'as little government necessary to optimize economic and personal liberty." I'm willing to agree that government should exist to protect and maintain society, however, it should not be distorting the market to provide for some at the cost of others.
That was incredibly well said!
Fucking hell, what bizarro world sub did I stumble onto? Thoughtful, calm, non-confrontational political discourse!?
That’ll change if more trolls and alt-fuckers come here to shit all over it
Just wait until the libertarians show up!
[deleted]
Some things should be devoid from profit though. Education, medicine, healthcare, etc.
If a profit motive achieves that better than nationalisation then i prefer the profit motive.
Exactly. There's a place for insurance in free markets, and there's a place for (preferably state) government picking up the tab for people who have overrun insurance caps. It would be vastly more efficient than the current system.
whereas private is about healthcare outcomes"
Some things should be devoid from profit though. Education, medicine, healthcare, etc.
Profit is the motivation to provide the service.
You can't really profit from providing free STD services.
I never understood this argument. If somebody does something important for society, and does so as a sacrifice of their time, money or labor, it's seen as a noble endeavor up until that person asks for compensation for their efforts.
Oh man, talked to my Lyft driver the other day. He was an OBGYN in cuba and made $20 a month. He just loves living in the states now. Talking to him made me want to love America more. He was just so jazzed about being here.
I get those super patriotic, foreign born Lyft/Uber drivers all the time. Most tend to be from the middle east and it really helps me appreciate what I have.
I spent three weeks studying in Havana. Cubans are some of the coolest people I've ever met. They love Americans and America, they just don't like our government. Its really interesting to hear them explain their views.
Doctors and medical professionals are often decently compensated even under socialized medicine in countries such as Canada and the UK.
Last I checked, a lot of UK nurses are very unhappy because their pay is garbage yet they're expected to do more with less resources and are being increasingly treated like shit by hospital administration, doctors, and patients.
This is where I have an issue: as someone who aspires to be a medical professional in the near future, I strongly believe compensation should be based off of supply and demand for the position/individual being compensated. However, if you apply this kind of thinking to basic education, it doesn't sound as pretty. Education is (or at least should be) the basis of society, and applying economics makes it difficult to ensure equal and effective education across the country, regardless of socioeconomic level. For this, I think we need equal and fair mandates and spending from the government.
applying economics makes it difficult to ensure equal and effective education across the country, regardless of socioeconomic level.
I don't think it is unreasonable to expect compensation. However lots of people do altruistic things.
I wonder how many people in the military joined "for money".
Profit is the motivation to provide the service
Profit is the motivation to provide the service.
I'm not at all opposed to non-profit business models. In fact I encourage it. I wish there were fewer government regulations to start and maintain a non-profit.
I was going to give it an honest skim to get the gist but stopped at #2 on your "things that must be done" list for healthcare.
Oh man, you obviously have not heard the criticisms (available from left, right, AND center viewpoints) about organizations such as the American Medical Association which encourages policies and regulations that ensure there is ALWAYS a shortage of doctors. This way they can keep the average salary for medical professionals higher than the market would establish in equilibrium. I understand the desire to make sure all the healthcare workers are educated and knowledgeable so they don't kill people, but we have gone (in the US at least) far far FAR into the other direction to the point where people are outright DYING because there aren't enough doctors because the school costs to much, takes too much time out of ones life, and the debt burden imposed on those who would take this route is so huge it forces doctors to specialize to make money, thereby resorting to a drought of primary care physicians.
I think this makes two classic mistakes.
Bingo. The market is supposed to be about maximizing value, but money is only one, albeit easily exchanged, type of value.
[deleted]
You didn't just describe a compromise, you just described 100% libertarianism. As a healthcare worker I believe the free market has no ability to provide sufficient healthcare. It's on the short list, with things like police and fire protection and military, that you basically have to provide through community action i.e. government.
You just described the difference between libertarianism and anarcho-capitalism
I want to take your whole arm, you want me to take none of it.
If you're a doctor who needs to amputate my arm to stop the threat of a flesh-eating virus spreading from my fingers, and I'm in denial and want to keep the whole arm... then yeah.
This is kind of what I mean. People throw an analogy that sounds great, but is so far detached from reality that it is nonsense.
Pure libertarianism is exactly as naive as communism (socialism is the workers controlling the means of production, which has not been tried at scale). Both rely on pretty much every member of society or corporation to be a rational, moral, actor, or everything breaks down. Communism is just totalitarianism with the facade of socialism. The workers didn't own shit in the USSR and obviously still do not in China.
I don't know what kind of socialists you talk to, but that's exactly what us anarcho-socialists want. The main point being that as long as any rich guy can legit say "Suck my dick or starve" then that's not a free society. That person is not free. If we take the issue of economic coercion out of the picture, libertarianism becomes a workable system. When it's life or death, economic coercion is the same as holding a gun to someone's head. In fact, it's usually backed up with guns. Libertarianism's greatest error is that it excuses the rich guy with the gun for things it would condemn a government for doing.
I don’t understand the anarchy part of that. How would anarchy coexist with socialism?
I want that so bad.
I'm not sure taxing individuals at the rate of nordic countries fits the definition of economic freedom.
There's different perspectives of what economic freedom is.
If the state provides all your food, housing, and healthcare that would be one of he most socialist countries in the world, up there with Cuba and North Korea.
I have similar stories, but I get banned from the right and downvoted to shit on the left.
I got banned from /r/conservative because I argued against trump. When he congratulated Putin despite being specifically told not to.
I actually think libertarianism is an incredibly naive worldview
It's really that last part that makes everything complicated.
Mine too. As a Roosevelt style progressive, I feel like communication across the isle is a requirement to develop any accurate and useful political platform. However, T_D and r/conservative do not reciprocate the sentiment. So I come here sometimes to read what you guys are thinking and talk to someone on the opposite side as me.
I love that a few subs still value dissidence. I started r/nobanliberals and r/nobanconservatives to try to combat this. Not used yet (feel free to start posting) but I really want to get back to days when people could argue on subs about politics
Republican (anti-monarchist type, not US type) here from /r/All, that's why I like this sub. I've been banned from left wing subs before, and right wing subs before, but this place is nice for that.
I did a class presentation about this sub and the interesting environment it creates because of its ardent support of free speech. It’s a pretty cool thing
That's how all of Reddit was once. It was a better time.
Nah, we LibSocs fit right in.
Libertarian-socialist subs are linked on the sidebar, so we do have a place here. We've been using the word 'libertarian' far longer than conservatives have, anyhow.
fondly regards Noam Chomsky
Libertarian Socialism is a thing.
Being an Asshole isn't a violation of the NAP, as long as you don't force shit on someone else, I don't care what flavor of asshole you are.
NAP? I like naps. But what is this NAP
The Non-Aggression Principal; "If it hurts none, do as you will." It's an inherent pillar of Libertarian ideology, though there's plenty of debate about what does and does not violate the NAP.
I guess it's pretty easy. "If it doesn't hurt the NAP, do as you will".
Does it disturb me from my nap?
The NAP is basically the codified idea of 'My right to swing my arm ends at your nose' As long as it doesn't hurt anyone, you're free to do it. There is quite a bit of disagreement about what constitutes breaking the NAP though.
This guy gets why it perfectly within both libertarian and authoritarian norms to subvert this subreddit.
I'd say I'm socially liberal, fiscally conservative, and a diehard gun supporter. The thing is, the party that is "supposed" to be fiscally conservative, isn't, and is so socially inept, I can't even believe it. I don't want god in my fucking politics. The only thing Republicans do is protect my gun rights, and they can barely do that.
They spend money on everything but what we actually need.
From a [NOT state] and local level controlled by the Democrats, education is constantly cut. Infrastructure is severely neglected, and yet taxes just keep going up.
Infrastructure is severely neglected
They compromised big just last week. That's what Omnibus bills do. They all get what they want and we get deeper into debt.
we get deeper into debt.
For the record, Republicans completely control the State legislature in PA and set the education budget. Democrats love spending on education, even if its on dumb things cough common core cough, and are starting to come around on high education, mostly due to Sanders. At the very least, the Obama Admin was aggressively combating for-profit Universities and predatory student loan dealers.
God bless freedom of speech
Fuck the alt-right
Who here is alt-right?
I'm usually all right but I've never been alt right. Thanks for asking anyways. How are you doing?
You guys aren't going to go the way of /r/Conspiracy?
Everybody knows you never go full retard.
Ahh, Simple Jack.. Classic masterpiece of modern cinema imo. Tugg Speedman does an amazing job and should of won an Oscar. It's a shame critics hated it and the movie tanked at the box office here in the states, but I heard it surprisingly well in rural parts of Southeast Asia for some reason. 6/7 Would recommend. Thinking about the ending still makes my eyes rain.
If you are for making laws to force "moral" behavior because you are right wing, you have no business being on this sub. The core of libertarianism is that we should all have freedom and lots of it. A smaller, less intrusive government is better for everyone. Give everyone a basic set of rights and punish people who infringe on those rights (like right of property). Otherwise, leave everyone alone. It seems the right wing wants a Christian version of Sharia law and the left wing wants a nanny state where we are all too sad and pathetic to make our own decisions or take care of ourselves.
Nailed it.
Wait, there’s a non right-wing subreddit that supports gun rights?
r/socialistra r/liberalgunowners probably more, maybe...
The "true" leftist groups are all pro-gun-rights because they're anarchists or adjacent.
You might be surprised to learn (yay powerful narrative!) that the majority of democrats support gun rights. Here's a bunch of YouGov polling data on this (and a lot more). Look at pages 48 and 65 which are "ban handguns except for cops" and "repeal the second amendment" respectively. Dems are 50/50 on those two questions with a slight lean toward gun rights (a few points).
Libertarians are the one group you can trust to say "X rights for all" and actually mean for you too and not just them
When everyone from everywhere flocks to your sub because everywhere else will ban them for having differing opinions.
That was a lot of words to not take a stance on anything
I'm somewhere in the middle, but lean more right economically. Very socially liberal, not Democrat liberal though, as that's more authoritarian than anything.
Settle down with the, "maybe i shouldnt embrace the entirety of my party's views." Drink the poison, and become the good sheep like most Americans do.
Why do niggeys stink?
Tuck the fault right
applies to the socialists too.
my man, im a pro gun lefty. what do you think about these quotes from notable leftists? https://m.imgur.com/enDpLgx
I can appreciate very acute portions of Marxist ideology, but in the end it forces us to all eat shit, sometimes literally. Thanks, but no thanks.
The right loses me on science, religion, personal freedoms, their claim of small government while dumping more money into our oversized military.
Be careful how you label people alt-right. The left really has turned that word into a boogeyman term to slander people that disagree with. I've seen people on here label Rand Paul and Austin Petersen alt-right.
I may not agree with a lot on this sub, but the relative idealogicical consistency in the posts has earned my respect.
I'm starting to realize Muslims and Guns are the two buzzwords the left and the right like to use a lot. Liberals say that all guns are dangerous and there are no reasonable gun owners and Conservatives say all Muslims are terrorists and there are no peaceful Muslims and both sides are wrong.
/r/politics is the subreddit for current and explicitly political U.S. news.
As a reminder, this subreddit is for civil discussion.
Walmart's Statement
The law would allow the sale of a firearm if no response to a background check request has been received within three business days
Laws like that were in response to abuses of the background check system.
So if, like, anyone had something that needed to be double-checked...
I mean the law of approved if you don't get a response is extremely reasonable. The government has a history of making things illegal by way of requiring permission, and then never granting permission (see tax stamps).
Which is effectively what happened in Ontario with our concealed carry, the provincial government has the power to grant an authorization to carry a pistol for self defence, But less than 10 have been issued in the last 10 years, usually to only mob informants, etc..
That actually makes sense. Without a time limit specified in a law, a government can effectively sideskirt your rights by making you wait forever.
The really crazy thing is how much prep time goes into hunting or sport shooting and to think that somehow 3 days is too long to wait is insane. I have a buddy planning a hunt 8 months out and is planning and working on things weekly right now.
In the immortal words of the ever so wise Homer Simpson. “Wait period! But I’m mad now!”
"If I had my gun I'd shoot you"
"Yeah, well you don't."
"And this is for shooting down police helicopters."
If it were the other way around—a BG check not completed in 3 days means no sale—then all it would take is one person in the wrong position of power to delay all background checks, resulting in effectively a nationwide ban on guns. Think that's outlandish? It's ridiculous to think that someone would get away with just sitting on the requests until they go away? Think again, because that's exactly how certain gun restrictions in certain places actually work. State laws put decisions (for example, whether to issue a concealed carry permit or not) in the hands of the county sheriff where you live, and the sheriffs simply never review any applications whatsoever.
What's up with Alaska?
Bears.
Beets.
Battlestar Bearattica
Bears do not.. WHat is going on?>??
Identity theft is real! Millions suffer every year!
I'm a bit surprised that they wont sell in Texas, because if you listen to the Cult of the AR-15, they are in a kill or be killed situation with the local feral pig population.
Feral pigs ain't nothin to fuck with.





Floridian here, two biggest threats to pets and property are wild pigs and gators. Both of which an AR-15 isn't too effective against. 5.56 is too tiny, even blackout. You find blood and chunks of lung but no dead pig.
They're bad in South Texas. Even see them in the suburbs at night.
Question as someone who doesn't live in the US and is just discovering that roving bands of killer pigs are actually a thing in parts of Texas:
Yes. Quite.
So hang on, let me try and understand this.
One female feral pig can grow to sexual maturity in 6 months from birth.
I would never go hungry again...
Wilderness shit will get ya.
Same. This is a legitimate situation wherein guns are used as tools. Not toys.
I live in a rural area where everyone has a gun or two. It's mostly about keeping wildlife away from our livestock and pets. Some guys enjoy hunting our sport shooting.
It’s the wilderness. You’d be a fool to go out unarmed out in most parts of Alaska.
If you go fishing in Alaska, you better have a good high caliber side arm lest you get mauled by bears or even a moose.
Everyone gets scared of bears, but moose are way worse, man. You wander into the wrong area during mating season and you're fucked.
literally
Fuckin bears man
"Fuckin Bears, man" or "Fuckin-Bears-Man"
Yes.
Bears?
The top post on TD right now is calling for a boycott of Dick's Sporting Goods for making this same decision.
They have a thread about Trump's "seize the gun" comments too. It's a dumpster fire.
OMG I’m dying to know how they’re trying to spin that one in their favor.
That's the thing, by and large and for once, they're not (though I'm sure that'll change as he backtracks); mods are deleting comments left and right, people are accusing each other, it's a (delicious) mess.
For what it's worth, things are always a mess there when something that should go deeply against them happens (like when Trump fired Comey). Then a few hours later, the marching orders come rolling in, the talking points are established, and the hive mind has a defense set up as to why this thing is apparently a good thing.
I just held my breath and popped over there to find that thread. Can’t find anything. Might have been nuked.
It’s the post of the youtube stream “Live: President Trump meets...”
Instabanning anyone who posts the real quote no doubt
Trump worse than Obama? Gasp! Who could say such a thing?
What happens when your god is trying to take away your favourite toy?
All this time they were waiting for Trump to bump stocks. They didn't expect him to want a ban on the other kind instead.
Some are calling him a traitor or worse than Obama.
You just know the mods are on payroll. If they weren't they could at least leave that thread open and us it as propaganda to try to prove they aren't a cult.
Watching the republican base shred itself between the NRA and Trump's gun comments is just so fucking hilarious.
From the looks of it their response seems to be one of censorship and cannibalization.
"He's going to pass a watered down version of what liberals want to show everyone what a stupid idea it is."
Yes, please.
I went there looking for that thread. Goddamn that sub is cancer.
Joining in to requst a link. I can't stand it normally, but that sounds like an interesting thread.
They can't. They live there.
And work there.
work?
“Those lazy dems are probably too lazy to even fill out their unemployment forms to maintain coverage! I fill mine out every month on time.”
Living in a rural area full of Republicans, 90% of them are the "leaches on society" that they call anyone registered Democrat.
Of course they are. In their mind increasing the number of people the state helps means less left for them
I've been on food stamps and welfare. Anybody help me out? No. -Craig T. Nelson
Well it's a problem for many of them, that's for sure... But not all. Are there WalMarts in Russia?
Nope. At least not as of 2016.
How do bots live at Walmart?
Too bad Target has scary bathrooms, they're gonna starve!
To be fair, it's probably a bad idea for anyone to shop at Target with a card.
I work for Walmart.
Ah, nostalgia.
If /r/BeholdTheMasterRace is anything to go by, they've never seen the inside of DicksSportingGoods or any Sporting Goods in their life.
This makes me so happy inside. I hate Wal-Mart passionately for a variety of reasons. In this fucked up time we live in I am somehow happy that rednecks can't boycott Wal-Mart. Where else are they going to shop or work?. They let wally world destroy small businesses across rural America, now they don't have another choice.
I just want to say I’m not a redneck or alt-right, I’m just a really poor individual. I’m currently living out of my car and Walmart has been there for my cheap shopping needs. I’m not proud of it. I’m not proud of myself as a human being, but I simply cannot afford to shop anywhere else so I’m sorry. Also the Walmart’s in my town have banned overnight parking so I have to strategically find places to park over night. The joy of being homeless.
Hey man, I looked through your recent post history. Sorry? You've got this. Life can be a real motherfucker sometimes. You're young and have that advantage. Sounds like you've been through a program, so you have some tools. This will all be in your past before you know it. I have been very close to homeless and not too many days off of work from being there again. Chin up and let the past be behind you, not define you.
Be as ethical as your needs allow.
Just a suggestion, but if there is an Aldi near you, check it out. Cheap. As. Shit.
Hope your ok mate. You make do with the tools you have. Where are you if you don't mind me asking? I've been watching a lot of YouTube videos about people living out of cars (I'm at school trying to become a social worker) and the determination and grit people show is outstanding.
Let's not talk about TD as if it matters. It's basically a sub run by Russian spammers so the nonsense they spew is meaningless and doesn't merit attention.
Well, I don't imagine it will make much difference to the teenagers on there.
In 2015, Walmart ended sales of modern sporting rifles, including the AR-15. We also do not sell handguns, except in Alaska where we feel we should continue to offer them to our customers.
Bears and shit
As somebody with friends in Alaska let me tell you it's not for Bears. It's for the crazy Mountain Men and survivalisy types. Lots of crazy people end up moving to Alaska.
Alaska is pretty much the perfect place to go disappear, where police response might be hours away.
You can disappear if you are already there. It would take a very crafty individual who the authorities are looking for to make it there unnoticed.
It’s the same way as the bush in Australia; magnitudes of miles away from any people or civilization and extremely sparse cell service if any at all. There was even a serial killer out there once that pushed this reality very much into the eyes of everyone out there.
There was even a serial killer out there once that pushed this reality very much into the eyes of everyone out there.
More like protection from drunks and drug addicts. Unfortunately.
And suicides. Don't forget suicides.
Unfortunately, Alaska leads the country in some really shitty statistics.
Having a solid 6 months of darkness/twilight at a time can give people some real issues.
I like to imagine someone coming over dreaming of becoming a fisherman like in Deadliest Catch only to see... well Alaska.
My brother was fresh out of college and got a job offer that was incredible as far as salary and benefits and prestige.
I'm of the mind to let Alaskans do whatever the fuck they want.
They're there to keep Russia from wandering over into North America. I'm OK with them doing whatever.
I like you.
I'm guessing that's because of bears and other potentially dangerous wildlife.
Its for people.
I know I'm going out on a limb here but this time might actually be different.
Look up "cascading regime change."
Until only FedEx is left.
I'm happy to boycott them. They really don't do their job well anyway. Multiple times my package is late and gets "lost". When I call them, noone seems to know where it is. A few days later it shows up. Thanks FedEx, now my $1000 package gets to sit out front for 5 hours while I'm at work.
I'm not a fan of them or UPS. Fuck, UPS just slaps a "sorry we missed you" stick on the door without knocking/ringing the doorbell. I ordered something online last month, was given no option for shipping, and of course they pick UPS. I was home the day it was supposed to be delivered. I was sitting literally feet from my door, my blinds half way up (because my cats fuck them up if I don't do that), but no knock ever came.
Goes the other way too where I leave a note on the door that says “please don’t leave package at the door, I will come pick it up” when I ordered my iPhone X. Sure enough I get home from work and my fucking $1000 phone is just sitting in the apartment hallway.
My LG V30 had a requested signature delivery when the vendor sent it. Requested they hold it and they instead came, left nothing, and left with the package. By the time it got back to the warehouse they were closed to customers.
". . .and then they came for my packages"
I didn’t think it was possible with the NRA. I’m floored.
Esp. at Wal-Mart where i'm pretty sure you can buy such bumper-sticker classics as "Insured by Smith and Wesson."
Sad that this is happening seemingly because 16 year olds can make impassioned speeches, whereas six year olds, well.
They just get elected president
I think that the majority of Americans really do want some kind of gun reform. That being said, I did some research trying to retort a comment the other day stating that the majority of Americans support gun ownership. I came across this from the Pew Research Center that showed in their poll that 66% of Americans either currently own a gun (30%) or could see themselves owning a gun sometime in the future (36%). I was really surprised by how high that number is.
I'm personally fine with people owning guns. The problem is that some people should not have them.
“Could see myself owning a gun” could mean many things though. Doesn’t necessarily mean you WANT the gun, or wouldn’t even prefer they all be banned. Maybe you just are worried that shit will continue to go down the tubes and you’ll have no choice to defend yourself. That’s a big reason why I still hold on to my guns. (Which for the record are low capacity sporting guns that were mostly inherited.)
Man, it really feels like it. For the past couple weeks then culminating today. Dominoes are falling left and right. I've thought before we were here, but... I dunno. I'm hopefully optimistic for the first time in a long time.
I really really think the Parkland kids speaking up is a huge part of it.
The kids are young enough where parents can say, "that could be my kid," but they're also old enough where we can also say, "that could be me." I'd say that most people alive can remember being in high school.
It’s kids that represent the future speaking out about the present.
The alt right heroes like AJ rely on some fucked up projection of "manliness" (I know, I know). Exposing them for the sniveling weaklings they are really robs them of their power and it's amazing to see.



This is the part where the GOP et al is somewhat surprised to discover that not only can Millenials destroy them politically by doing nothing more than showing up to the polls, some of their kids are now approaching voting age too.
when I see my daughter and now her daughter taking an interest in politics from perspectives that would have been outright mocked when I was their age...well, it makes me kinda happy, honestly.
Honestly, this feels like marriage equality all over again. What felt like a losing issue for such a long time all of a sudden has huge momentum and it looks like a nationwide cultural shift is happening right before our eyes.
It would probably be more like Big Tobacco. A lobby that was untouchable for decades became a pariah overnight. The negative effect on public health is very similar.
and as usual, it was the young people that instigated the change.
The future is now old man
The NRA got Hogged.
My jaw is on the floor with this one.
Especially since Wal-Mart (a company headquartered in ARKANSAS) has always advocated right-wing policies i.e. anti union, supported Trump etc.
Exactly. How can any wingnut boycott Walmart?????
It’s literally the only store in many of their towns, since they allowed them to come in and destroy all their local businesses so they could employ them, fuck them over, and force them to give what little money they do make back to them, because again it’s the only store in town.
they'll shop at Whole Foods out of spite
There are no Whole Foods in redneck country.
They will shop at Publix instead....
It's definitely been different on reddit in the past 9 months. Trump got elected and I figured progun talking points would be constant and highly upvoted on reddit in any gun thread. It's actually been the opposite.
Redcaps: "WTF I HATE WALMART NOW!?"
“What’s the main color of Wal-Mart’s logo? BLUE... Fucking deep state Obama operatives.”
"The Walmart family are deep state globalist operatives who want to bring Shakira Law to Amerika."
Wal-Mart’s headquarters are in ARKANSAS.
Have you ever seen the Walmart family and Bill Clinton in the same room together? Of course not. The evidence is clear.
Mind. Blown.
Did you know Wal- Mart spelled backwards and then translated into a language I made up spells Soros?
Wal-Mart in binary is :
Those hips don't lie.
Your comment inspired me to go over there and see the reaction. Someone was saying how they are going to boycott dicks, because, well, they could get the product cheaper at walmart anyway.
Walmart, the NFL, what's next truck nutz?
"WTF I HATE WALMART NOW!?"
Let the Republican boycott of Walmart commence!
Good luck on that when Walmart is the only shopping for most of rural America.
Imagine? Having to drive 45 minutes to the closest store and it’s a Walmart
This was me growing up. Except the closest Wal-Mart was 90 minutes away.
Say what you want about them, but this is all bc of the Parkland kids. Good for them.
Yeah, I think a lot of people say teens like Emma Gonzalez stand up and say "enough is enough with your BS!" and decided now was the time to do something. If a high school teen can get on national television and speak their heart, we can support them at the very least.
But it’s more than just speaking ‘from the heart’. As a group, they are excellent at it. They’ve stayed on message, they’ve been unafraid and unimpressed with false flattery. Honestly that school must have been doing something extremely correct.
this is all bc of the Parkland kids.
Then why didn't we see this after Sandy Hook?
I think the rage from the lack of action after Sandy Hook is a huge part of what is making this stick this time. I see people mention Sandy Hook more than any of the other innumerable shootings. There have been plenty of shooting survivors in the past who were able to articulate the need for better legislation, but the memory of those young kids unable to confront the lawmakers and demand change makes the need for the victims to stand up for themselves all the more striking: the GOP have already proven they are unwilling to do anything to protect innocent children, so this time there is no doubt about who is the villain here.
Because the students weren't teens and likely didn't have the ability to process this in the same way. I saw a comment that basically said that the teens are being more bold than the adults are because they haven't been conditioned to act in a more timid way. The teens are also more likely to be speaking from a place of emotion, which in this case is a really good thing.
So it’s because of the Parkland kids.
Now that is unexpected
Something something free market solutions, right republicans?
Ok, Dick’s was one thing, but this is on a whole other level. The wingnuts can boycott Dick’s. They can’t boycott Walmart.
“Nobody shops at dicks anyways, just a pr move” “Walmart did it too”
“...”
When Wal-Mart is more liberal than your president.
Or when Wal-mart can see which way the wind is blowing better than the president.
HOLY FUCKING SHIT.
I think the nearest Cabella's is in a different time zone.
East TN checking in, there are several Walmart’s & Dicks w/in 30 minutes of me in all directions, one Bass Pro & a Cabellas 15 minutes away from it. The one thing about this though, is that usually Bass Pro & Cabellas are more expensive than your local gun shops. I’m glad Dick’s & Walmart are doing this, but being in a family of gun owners & having several handguns of my own, none of us have ever bought one from Walmart, Dick’s, Cabella’s or Bass Pro. It’s all local gun shops.
I’m glad Dick’s & Walmart are doing this, but being in a family of gun owners & having several handguns of my own, none of us have ever bought one from Walmart, Dick’s, Cabella’s or Bass Pro. It’s all local gun shops.
im curious to see what walmarts gun sale numbers look like because i doubt they come anywhere close to guns sold by gun stores.
BREAKING: Walmart becomes less terrible, is still terrible
That's humanity, man: less terrible is also known as progress. It's not good enough, but at least it's not bad.
Where are the redcaps going to shop now?!
Dollar General
Too "coastal elite" for them.

Fuck DG, I used to work there when in high school and holy hell white trash galore
WTF! I hate Wal-Mart now!
It is so fuckin hilarious that all of this is happening while the bastion of hardcore conservatism is in office and not the black liberal. Red Hats must really be confused.
Now they need to boycott FedEx.
This should make free market conservatives happy, right? The invisible hand of the market is driving change and not the bogie man government.
Geez. That's a big deal.
Oh shit, it wasn't the liberals taking their guns away, it was the stores!
People who want guns should go through the same shit they make women go through for reproductive health.
As a 33 year old who bought an AK at 18, I don't really mind it being moved up to 21.
Why don't we just solidify a "you're an adult now" age? 18 or 21, or 20 or whatever. Instead we get these weird situations where disabled vets aren't old enough to buy a drink.
Let this set off a chain reaction!


Do you know how bad you have to be at a thing for Walmart to do it better?
/r/politics is the subreddit for current and explicitly political U.S. news.
As a reminder, this subreddit is for civil discussion.








































































































Existing law already bars convicted domestic abusers from possessing guns, and they would fail a background check if they tried to purchase a gun, so it makes no sense — and is downright dangerous — that there is nothing in the law that makes sure domestic violence abusers surrender weapons they already own. By contrast, there is a process for law enforcement authorities to retrieve guns from domestic violence offenders during all final civil protective-order proceedings.
So when i was in college i read a study someone did that asked the question of spouses of police officers about unreported domestic abuse and the findings were pretty staggering. The conclusion was that the spouses of police officers reported abuse in the study at much higher rates than are ever prosecuted, and the reasoning given was that officers would lose their gun rights, and thus their careers. That and all of the psychological reasoning for the higher rates of abuse, the exposure to violence, frustration, stress, power, etc. I thought it was super interesting, but i am too lazy to look it up right now.
Yeah great points. Really if your a cops wife it's damn near impossible to report and get help with domestic violence. It already seems to be an issue to charge wife beaters, throw in cops always sticking together and they won't want to get rid of their buddy. Add in if the woman wants to stay for whatever reasons her husband is gonna lose his good job. Seems like it shitty situation with little options, which is not how it should be.
US cops seem so different to how they are in the UK. Here they're closer to 'community support' whereas yours sometimes look like a badly trained army.
Key words are BADLY TRAINED. If we want to treat our police forces like local miniature armies, we need to train them better. Maybe then we wouldn’t have so many cases of officers shooting at everything that moves.
we don't want to treat our police like local miniature armies. that's just what they pretend to be.
No point in training them better if they are routinely allowed to get away with utterly ignoring all that training and engaging in whatever brutal, sadistic, criminal whims that cross their minds.
Except the US Army is better at not shooting civilians
Don't forget his buddies in blue would sweep it under the rug, and get who gets a slap for telling...
But wouldn't pretty much any victim of domestic abuse be eligible to file for entitled to a protective order? I think in some (many? most? all?) states you can file for a protective order on someone else's behalf, too, or a judge may grant a criminal protective order in the course of the criminal case.
Be eligible? Probably, I don't know of anything that would prevent that.
I would assume that if you beat anyone or had violence on your record, you would lose access to guns.
You'd think that, but then they'd have to take the guns away from about a quarter of the US police force. And I'm not talking about suspects, I'm just talking about domestic abuse. Abuse rates in cops are much higher than for the general population.
You'd think that, but then they'd have to take the guns away from about a quarter of the US police force. And I'm not talking about suspects, I'm just talking about domestic abuse. Abuse rates in cops are much higher than for the general population.
See, you'd think that, but the reason we have such a problem with cops in the US is that there are basically no consequences to them for any wrongdoing.
If you beat your wife, then you're probably pretty good at beating minorities. Seems like relevant work experience
It already is the case that if you are convicted of DV or have some sort of restraining order you aren't allowed to own/buy firearms. Idk why this is something that keeps getting harped on, it just shows ignorance of existing laws.
There's almost no enforcement of such laws, the federal or state versions. It's a popular law, given that DV is such a powerful predictor of other criminality, but it's not a popular law to fund enforcement for.
Last year, I tried to get law enforcement in Kelly, Texas to enforce a lawful order but couldn't. Soon after, the guy killed himself with the guns instead of his wife and kids, so... I guess it was a moot point?
If they're not required to do their jobs we shouldn't be required to follow the law.
They aren't required because otherwise anything that they can't respond to would become a liability, if I understand correctly. If they don't have enough resources, they'd essentially be fucked
What? Why not just put a clause to cover for cases where they aren't able to respond? We have legislation for much more complex situations
Probably because the police unions would vigorously oppose any measure that would actually hold cops accountable for literally anything.
i mean that’s a fair point but everyone keeps framing this argument that it is legal to own a gun if convicted of domestic violence, which i’m not even sure why people are singling out just wife beating when it should be all violence
I know its minor, but it really irks me when people bring up that its for wife beating. No, it should be any spousal abuse.
Agreed, and it should go further than spousal abuse too. Currently, the DV restrictions are only in place for those that were violent towards a spouse, someone they live with, or someone they had children with. That leaves a lot of girlfriends and boyfriends and other intimate partners completely unprotected.
As a guy who spent far too long with a bat shit crazy ex I was gonna say the same exact thing... but i guess you beat me to it.
I'm not disagreeing with you that any violence should mean no more guns, but different types of violence predict different types of future crime. Domestic violence is a strong predictor of future violent criminal behavior. An assault 2 (which in my state could mean you knocked someone's tooth out in a bar fight) is much less indicative of future criminal behavior. Add onto that the fact that most murders are committed by someone close to the victim and it starts to make sense why people are more concerned about people hurting those that live with them than complete strangers.
Ok, so then why does everybody hate on gun owners when they scream to enforce the laws we have, and instead insist on introducing new laws and gun bans?
Just wanted to say that system is very easy to abuse. I was a victim of domestic violence and abuse. I was the male bodied person in the relationship. And my ex abuser got the police to issue an RO that ended up lasting over 5 months. While I was suffering from ptsd because she beat the shit out of me, she used the system to abuse me further.
Perhaps read the article next time?
It will never be enforced effectively since police officers are more likely to be violent offenders in domestic violence situations than any other career
Spouse*
Approximately 40% of gun owners are women. Additionally, studies show that bw 40% to 50% of initiated domestic violence are from women and that number is most likely under reported.
I'm ok with this so long as it's convicted wife beaters/husband beaters. My father was arrested for my mother hitting him repeatedly. He pushed her away and she feel. The police arrested him without asking any questions about what happened, charged him with domestic abuse and any to trial with a 'victim', who didn't want charges pressed. It he nearly lost his job 5 years from being able to draw his pension. They hired a lawyer and after weeks of uncertainty got the charges dropped.
This.
Well in this case, the Lautenberg amendment would also have made it illegal for you to own a firearm during the term of the restraining order. Not saying it's ethical in all cases, but it's the law as of now. The problem is that restraining orders are often rubber stamped, which is likely a good thing when it comes to keeping abusers away from victims, but when it's tied to a loss of constitutional rights, it gets complicated.
Yeah, rubber stamping away people's rights and like a good call. No dangerous precedent there
Years ago I was the manager of a large pool of skilled laborers, there was a massive methamphetamine problem in the area at the time and was a huge issue with my employees.
Piggy-backing on another process with another goal is a bad idea. It is a collection of the worst of both worlds.
Domestic violence and stalking convictions should be automatic disqualifiers for gun ownership.
They are. Have been since the 90s when the Brady bill passed. Many states even prohibit possession after arrest and prior to final disposition.
Federally you cannot buy a new gun, you can keep the ones you already have though.
(g) It shall be unlawful for any person
Huh, I must have seen some bad sources then. Thanks for clearing that up. It makes me wonder why states like Oregon pass legislation saying the same thing though.
Because otherwise they wouldn't have the ability to enforce it in their courts.
Stop saying bullshit. He would be a prohibited posesser and would be committing a felony by having a gun.
Honestly a lot of things should be automatic disqualifiers.
They already are.
It already is and has been for a long time.
I was really hoping someone would actually post a reference to the Lautenberg Amendment. I mean it’s even posted up in arms rooms in US Military Combat Zones. It’s.....a thing.
Serious question. Does the law include loosing your weapon(s) if guilty of domestic violence?
In most cases the (convicted) abuser does not lose their guns unless someone reports to the police that they have them. Once they are charged they cannot legally own a gun, and obviously can’t buy one, and if they are caught possessing a firearm they may get prison time.
It's a felony to possess guns after a DV or drug conviction.
If you have been convicted of a violent crime like domestic assault and still possess firearms under the current law you are now a felon.
Depends on the state and the judge to order them be taken away.
Isn’t that already the law?
Don’t beat people. Don’t worship guns.
But what if I want to beat people with the gun I worship?! Why are you trampling on my freeeeeeeedumbs?!
Why if i want to worship people and beat guns?
Beating guns is generally a pretty bad idea. Good way to make them fire unintentionally.
Considering about 2 in 5 cops are involved in domestic violence, you'd lose almost half the police force if this was the law.

Good. Kick them to the side and hire some people who don't beat their partners.
Is that supposed to be a bad thing?
Domestic Violence offenders already do lose their guns, and of course police officers are exempt.
Sounds awesome!
Good, fire the assholes along with their cop buddies who cover up for them.
All the new bills ive seen proposing stricter laws on this specifically exempt cops. Blue wives dont matter.
No they are exempt from these laws
You lose your gun AND your wife. Asshole.
Shit like this just shows ignorance of existing gun laws. The Lautenberg Amendment already prevents you from owning/purchasing firearms if you're convicted of DV or have a restraining order against you.
It's already illegal, so... let's make it more illegal and allow police to kick doors in with greater impunity than they already can.
if you beat your spouse, you lose your gun.
Something like 23 states require someone to be arrested if they're called out for a domestic, which means it's possible to get charged or arrested over accidental reports, a TV up to loud, or similar.
The article isn't talking about arrests, they're talking about actions taken after a conviction, so no due process issues.
Wife or husband. Or anyone for that matter.
Unless you're a cop, then youre usually exempt from this. Blue wives dont matter, apparently.
Sexist headline.
Partner
https://www.atf.gov/firearms/docs/4473-part-1-firearms-transaction-record-over-counter-atf-form-53009/download
How bout if you do anything that shows you’re mentally unstable you don’t get a gun.
Define mentally unstable.
Why are we putting labels on it? If you beat anyone. Any type of abuse, assault,for violence that leads to a conviction, or a paper trail, should cause a loss of firearm rights.
this will save lives. No exception for law enforcement officers either, you get a domestic abuse charge while active you dont get to have weapons on the job.
Would really help if there was a national gun register, or a mandatory state database of gun serial numbers linked to owners - like the DMV does for VINs/cars.
I think the ACLU came out against that also not just the NRA.
Right now, there's no way for law enforcement to identify if a gun is in the home other than just asking.
As someone who works in the legal system, guns can be bargaining chips when discussing a plea. I've seen quite a few cases where a person will pay more in fines or stay on probation for longer in order to plead to a different charge. This should be common sense legislation in every state but it's not nearly enough.
How about: If you beat your spouse you lose your gun.
That would mean most cops would lose their weapons too, don't think it'll work. /s
Never mind the loophole for police. Blue Wives don't matter.
Um like no shit?! Why wouldn't 100 percent of the citizens of the US agree that a domestic abuser should not have access to any gun?
Exactly! If me, someone who tried to hurt themselves, cannot own a gun; neither should anyone who has been charged with domestic violence or has a violent past.
Unfortunately reality isn’t this black and white. Yes, if you are officially convicted of a violent crime you should lose your right. But the enforcement is tricky. The 4473 already addresses a lot of this but there’s still a fine line with further regulation.

how about instead of posting death threats toward government officials on reddit and give the mods more work to do, we go out and vote the assholes we don't like out of office
"Ajit Pai is the most courageous, heroic person that I know,” said Dan Schneider, the executive director of the American Conservative Union, while introducing the FCC Chairman.
For those who are curious: it's not Nickelodeon Dan Schneider.
You mean Dan "hold her tighter, she's a fighter" Schneider?
Are we talking about Dan “the hymen divider” Schneider?
Is that Dan "you'd better not cry, I'm going in dry" Schneider?
Talkin' about Dan "with a Jewish law firm and an all black Mercedes as she's playing with the balls like Brady" Schneider?
Is this the very same Dan “You can’t hide ‘er” Schneider?
Wait, are you referring to Dan "you better start running while you still can" Schneider?
You boys referring to Dan "The Diaper Slider" Schneider?
Yeah Dan "Put her in your van when you can" Schneider
You mean Dan "the starlet sodomizer" Schneider?
At this point it feels like he's behind some of these headlines.
Dan Schneider... bring all my bitches back
I need all my bitches, I need all my bitches
The new shit you put up is WACK!
iCarly, iCarly
Ariana Grande,
Completely screwing over an entire country of gun owning citizens for your own self interests could technically be considered courageous. It's kinda like tipping over an entire row of motorcycles and then waltzing right into the bar afterwards. Wait, no. I'm thinking stupid. Stupid is what he is.
There's often a fine line between bravery and stupidity.
the difference is the results of said actions.
I see no unfavourable outcome here.
It's not like he's facing any negative consequences. In fact, his little act has made him rich and he has a massive organisation of conservatives praising him now. Huh, need to get me into that line of work.
End of the day, they* all just work for the wealthy. They look out for one another and the NRA is willing to reach this far across the isle to praise one of the most hated men in America...
It takes a lot of courage to fuck over 300 million people and then publish a video of yourself with a shit-esting grin on your face as you rub it in their face.
Gee, my fidget spinner is faster than your internet
They misspelled corrupted
He had the courage to stand up against what was right. Wait...
This will be good once this dude is in jail for illegally colluding in the Sinclair acquisition. As a future felon he will never be able to own a gun again.
I hate it when words like "heroic" and "courageous" are sullied. Saving someone's life is heroic. Fighting terrorists in the Middle East is heroic. Standing up for sensible gun regulations in the face of the gun lobby is courageous. Taking personal risks, putting your life on the line, going above and beyond the call of duty, is courageous. Not repealing net neutrality.
What do you call it when you put your life on the line to make a fuck ton of money and serve a corrupt cause? I honestly don't think Pai will ever be safe again, and I can't imagine he didn't think of that, but I wouldn't call him courageous.
put your life on the line to make a fuck ton of money and serve a corrupt cause
Wait... THEE Dan Schneider? Dan “hold her tighter she’s a fighter” Schneider?
"Ajit Pai is the most courageous, heroic person that I know,” said Dan Schneider
"Ajit Pai is the most courageous, heroic person that I know,” said Dan Schneider, the executive director of the American Conservative Union, while introducing the FCC chairman.
Dan Schneider
Dan Schneider, I need all my bitchs back!!!
I need all my bitches I need all my bitches the new shit you put out is WHACK
I can't even watch Nickelodeon with my dick in my hands anymore!
I'm a little sad that I know what you all are referencing :\
Dan 'the thigh divider' schneider
Dan "the junior high insider" Schneider
Dan 'hold her tighter, she's a fighter' Schneider
Dan "get the fuck in the van" Schneider
Dan "the salami hider" Schneider
Dan “slid inside her” Schneider
Dan "The Man with The Plan to get Her in the Van, Hold Her Tighter, Spread Her Wider, Drink Some Cider, and Cum Inside Her" Schneider
I really fucking hope he never did anything to Miranda Cosgrove. Such a nice girl.
Dan 'get inside her, make her wider' Schneider
Anybody else notice Dan Schneider sounds basically the same as Dan Snyder, the owner of the Washington Redskins who also is a complete dick?
Hmm I think we’re onto something here.
Dan "I've had tighter" Schneider!
Is that the probable pedo one?
You mean dan force my way inside her Schneider?
Dan “the hymen collider” Schneider?
He's talking about the guy who fucking chickened out of a public meeting or whatever because of death threats. This guy needs to take some time and read the stories of medal of Honor recipients.
Maybe Dan didn't hear about the teenager who took five rounds holding a door shut to protect his classmates from a mentally disturbed teenager who was laying waste to a highschool with a legally purchased gun?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Conservative_Union This is basically the guy "running" the convention; giving a gun (after a mass shooting) to a guy under suspicion of corruption for his role in government. Tone. Deaf.
Okay... Can we get together and coordinate sending hundreds of thousands of pictures of soldiers/police officers/citizens who have lost their lives performing courageous acts to save other's lives along with (1) the story of these people and (2) "Dan Schneider you make me sick"
The day has finally come where I can’t tell satire from reality
I'm still waiting to see if our timeline starts heading back towards sanity anytime soon. Seems like out of all the parallel universes, we've ended up in the crazy one.
This is the darkest dumbest timeline.
I keep thinking that somehow this is the only timeline left where we weren't all wiped out in Mutually Assured Destruction. That's the only thing that makes sense.
The timeline had to contort wildly to bring us out of the cold war alive and now we're suffering the consequences of the timeline getting back on track
That's sort of what I've been thinking lately. A slight tug on the thread got us through, but the tapestry is way larger than one thread, and the whole is now readjusting the singular.
The Trousers of Time have ripped a seam, and the history monks in charge of such mending are nowhere to be found.
I love you and I love that he had his son (nevermind assistant thanks) smash all his unpublished works with a steamroller hahaha too good.
Are you guys speaking English or just reciting fortune cookies?
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
And lifelong PTSD from finding the decapitated body of his fallen comrade.
What if Back to the Future Part II was based on fact?
Isn't there a theory that the further we get from the creation of the atom bomb, the more chaotic things get because of the unlikeliness of us still existing?
I haven't heard it, but I like it. It's like we ran out of script and are just winging it now.
You mean we caught up to the absolute present and everything we thought had already happenned was realy just a "reboot" and doing the same things just to get to the same place where we might be able to extend the cycle a little further before it resets for one reason or another? So, is this a perception based on god trying to cultivate humanity, Cloud Atlas, or the Matrix? Or, since its defying simplistic categorization, Ill just go with stage 2 of of the simplified subversion cycle: Destabilize, Demoralize, Crisis, Normalize. (Rinse and repeat on another subject or level)
Was the theory made by Douglas Adams? That sounds like something he'd think of.
May have been. Or I may have just read it in an /r/askreddit thread or some shit.
it is a reference from the television series Community, specifically, the episode "Remedial Chaos Theory" (season 3, episode 4) wherein seven separate timelines are formed based on which of seven characters goes to open a door to fetch a pizza.
I think our timeline survived because the universe took pity on us and thought it couldn't make things any worse...
Maybe we all just collectively experience the timeline that doesn't get wiped out and there's where shit like the berenstein bears comes from...
My husband wonders if this is actually the best timeline because of the level of incompetence displayed by the current administration. "Imagine", he says, "what would have happened if these criminals were halfway competant".
That's my hope too, but the dread in my gut says while they may not be halfway competent, it's still enough to keep doing whatever they want.
Welcome to Biff's alternate timeline!
Hahahaha no. The American political system is way too broken for that. The GOP election process is dominated by right-extremist groups that even the self-proclaimed moderates have to pander to, and thanks to the two party system around half still don't think that disqualifies the party.
I'm more worried about the breakdown of reliable news and information. From Uncle Whackadoo's Conspiracy Revelation of the Week to BullshitPartisanMemes.facebook.com to the traditional mass media's overburdened "We've cobbled together twenty seconds of airtime, a generalist reporter out of their depth, and someone opinionated enough to come into the studio... Call it facts!" nature, it's nigh unto impossible to determine what's what in the world, and that's even before you get to dealing with intentional meddling and media pranksters.
Can you imagine working for The Onion right now? All in there, reading google news like “how do we top this shit?”
At this point they might as well just release it word for word and see if anyone notices it. Cite it and everything.
The Onion should just suspend their satire and report real news for the remainder of Trump's term in office.
They aren't already doing that?
Yeah. If this wasn't r/nothteonion I would have mistaken this for satire.
Imagine the onion offices right now. They're probably pulling their hair out trying to think of something to top this.
Luckily for them, they have an article they can repost over and over and that's always relevant.
unfortunately, it'll probably be relevant for a long time.
For me, my breaking point was Trump's election.
I still think this is the greatest piece of performance art ever done.
Interpretative 4d chess dance
The day he gets indicted he will tear off his trump mask to reveal Andy Kaufman.
we have officially entered the Twilight Zone
Only if Pence reveals himself to be David Bowie
I really would like him to admit at the end of his term, that he was extremely puzzled to how he got voted in.
We've crossed beyond The Onion at this point. This looks like it came from r/circlejerk!
The Onion is going to have to resort to reporting on actual news because there's pretty much nothing they can make up that's more ridiculous than reality.
I swear there's a couple of articles on the onion that are better than most press. The "there's no way to stop this from happening says the only country where this happens" springs to mind.
Forget circlejerk, I could swear this comes from /r/SubredditSimulator.
/r/notsubredditsimulator
Is that like the, Mad Mad World event horizon?
Reality is trying to put the Onion out of a job
It's like they're trying to look as corrupt as possible.
They have experienced zero effective repercussions, so why not?
If the system doesn’t change, it’s gonna get worse.
Oh it's coming....you feel that? The shit winds are changing.
Well they realized they can do anything they want and their ignorant supporters keep voting for them.
It’s more that they don’t care because trump is lowering the bar so rapidly
There's still a bar? I thought it was just a line painted on the floor.
No, it's not even 2 dimensional anymore. It is still in this universe, but we cannot see it, just its effects.
"Pai led the push to repeal the rules, which were overwhelmingly supported by the public, in December." Hrmm
It take a special sort of courage to be a traitor.
I would argue that in the case of Edward Snowden, Chelsea Manninh, et al, it does.
I think they meant net neutrality was supported, which begs the question - why the hell would he then still follow through with it when he’s supposed to represent the public if not for his own gain?
"Mother knows what's best"
I wonder how it feels to be one of the most despised human beings in the world
http://i.imgur.com/RsI9t.gif
Yep. Once he leaves the FCC he will work as a "consultant" and enjoy $100k "speaking fees" several times a year.
Is this the money crying one?
Are you sure he knows that?
I know how it feels
Ban schools, give everyone a gun, and take away the Internet
PUBG irl
PUBG: where shooting up a school is normal.
From the shit I've read recently, you're probably good.
The list is only there to discredit potential revolutionaries and keep the norm, shoot up all the schools you want /s
fuck, I'm terrible at that game
Can't have any school shootings if there aren't any schools!
Ban schools, give everyone a gun, and take away the Internet
I just wanna down vote you to oblivion on principle.
I knew it!!!!
Reposting already?!
In case it wasn't totally obvious, the NRA stopped being about guns a long time ago. They exist only to push a conservative agenda, and exploit gun owners for support.
It is a win-win synergy between gun manufacturers and the GOP. The GOP likes to scare the crap out of their base because it gets them in the voting booth, and it gets them buying guns. Sales of guns and ammo skyrocketed after Obama took office. Now that Republicans have the white house and majorities in the house and senate, gun sales have tanked. So the GOP and conservatives constantly push the fear of non-whites and non-christians to bolster sales and votes.
Get money by licensing guns to major video game franchises.
"Dear Millenials- We are doing our level best to convince you not to pay us membership dues. We tried insulting you. We tried belittling you. Now we have an official position on net neutrality, even though we're ostensibly a gun rights organization. And our official position is against, and that Ajit Pai is a person of great courage. NOW will you please start hating us? Seriously. We need you to hate us so that old people will send us money."
That's like Skeletor giving Darth Vader an award.
How dare you compare Skeletor and Vader with this dumbasses
“He has received countless death threats. His property has been invaded by the George Soros crowd. He has a family, and his family has been abused in different ways. Chairman Pai, thank you for everything you’ve done."
Well the Missouri governor who was just indicted called the prosecutor a reckless liberal and the Missouri GOP said this was a Soros conspiracy...
A Florida state representatives aide was fired for saying the Parkland shooting survivors are actors.
"Hey, everyone hates us, and everyone hates you, why not just consolidate the hate?"
They are like the reverse justice league.
So the Legion of Doom then?
No these jackasses are in control the world so probably The Crime Syndicate would be a better parallel.
The Republican Party?
"I hate you, you hate me, let's end net neutrality"
"With a Reeses cup and a really stupid face, we can fuck the human race!"
I am a pro gun guy and lifetime NRA member who owns enough guns that people tell me I have a problem and even I can't stand the NRA anymore. I joined the national rifle association not the national republican association.
Jesus. Im a gun guy. The NRA has completely lost touch with reality.
I live in Texas, know a lot of gun people... more and more, I'm starting to see the NRA as an extremist organization that lures people in like a pedophile with candy. "Hey, you like firearms? Get in the van, we've got lots of firearms."
Yep. Am also a gun owner. NRA won't see another dime from me.
There are a lot of people that support the NRA but hate Pai. Maybe this will finally lose them some support - thanks, NRA!
if donald trump supporters have taught me anything, it's that they'll just adapt it to their world view. Remember when Steve Bannon was the messiah?
NRA supporter, I'm disgusted by this. I can't even fathom how the fuck this came to be. What the fuck do gun rights have to do with the FCC?
Far right corruption is the key factor from these players. They don't have a lot of common ground. They're making things too obvious at this point, but tis the times.
"Hey, you're universally hated. Welcome to the club. Congratulations!"
Shit like this is why I stopped renewing my NRA membership, having the insurance for my guns was nice but it was not worth supporting this kind of insanity.
As a second amendment supporter that used to identify as conservative... I don’t understand why either the NRA or Pai thinks this is a good idea.
Seriously what the hell has this asshole done that’s so courageous? Ignore public opinion? Refuse to cooperate with a state attorney general when it was apparent that public opinion had not been accurately represented? What happened to firefighters or police officers or paramedics or countless people who risk their lives everyday? It’s unbelievable.
Isn't law enforcement usually looked upon positively by "conservatives"? This feels like I'm taking crazy pills. There is nothing that he did that is courageous or heroic and has NOTHING to do with guns. I mean seriously, couldn't they at least give it to someone who falls in line with their agenda?
I guess.... It does say something about their (current) agenda : the NRA and the GOP are lock step, folks. This shit is fucking gross.
Is there room in your boat? I'd like to hop in.
Just curious, what moment pushed you off the conservative boat?
Jeez for me I identify as conservative but I voted for Bernie since I go with my gut a lot. I even voted for Hillary for to Trump's NATO comments about others, but vote libertarian a lot as well. This will be the first time I vote straight Democrat and I've never done a straight ticket but times are dire, folks.
I've only ever voted for one democrat but can't see myself supporting a single republican in upcoming races. The simple answer is that my worldview changed very recently, but it sure feels like they have gone so far off the deep end that I don't know how people I like can still wholeheartedly support them.
Charlton Heston Courage Under Fire Award
The Gilded Target
What is this? A cross over episode?
“Removing the rules that where overwhelmingly supported by the public” So they knew that the public wanted the rules to stay but pia said fuck that and know they are giving him an award #fucking wow!
There is no consent of the governed when it comes to the actual actions politicians take. You only have to consent to the lies they tell during their campaign. They are not really obligated to actually serve the interests of the American people.
The Onion can shut down at this point. How in the actual hell are they supposed to top something like this?
I laugh so hard I accidentally spilled my coffee seeing this.....
If you used a giant Reese’s coffee cup you wouldn’t have spilled.
I'm trying to verify a source on this, but I believe they weren't actually able to present the gun to him since CPAC is a gun-free zone.
Cowards giving each other awards
Who the heck is running Public Relations at the NRA right now? This is the like the last thing you'd wanna do right now.
"Ajit Pai is the most courageous, heroic person that I know,” said Dan Schneider, the executive director of the American Conservative Union, while introducing the FCC Chairman.
He should also win the award for most corporate dicks in his mouth
It was at that moment reddit user blitzinger moved from a republican voter to a Democrat
Congratulations!
Lmao a shit pie is courageous? How about a soldier? A police officer?
"Pai led the push to repeal the rules, which were overwhelmingly supported by the public"
Ajit Pai is the Martin Shkreli of the FCC.
why do i have the overwhelming urge to throttle that dude?
You're not alone. He's the king of r/punchablefaces
He wants to throttle us, so turnabout is fair play.
Now I would like to wake up
I’ve come to realize that these conservative rallies are jerk off fests. The shills jerk off politicians who jerk off corporations who jerk off shills. Then they feed the steaming meat juice to the dim witted poor people.
The US is a joke.
I live in the US and i love my country but i couldn’t agree more at this point in time
Republicans have become an embodiment of the most mean spirited caricatures of themselves from the past. They are utterly indefensible.
"Courage". Apparently it takes a lot of courage to back the side that pays better.
Okay this has been building up for a while but:
Wow they are all not even trying to pretend they aren't COBRA anymore....
The NRA really has gone off the deep end.

Gun shop lines were out the door yesterday. Happens every time.
Yup, and those people are way more motivated to vote than the people that go to this marches.
These kids will be fired up to go to the polls and vote but history shows it won't be sustained while gun rights supporters vote consistently and in higher numbers than those who support various levels of gun control.
Well, it doesn't help that a lot of the time young voters are super passionate without actually thinking through the repercussions of what they're asking for. Students who took part in the first walk out have already started complaining about the new rules their schools have instituted at their request because suddenly their rights are being infringed upon and they don't like it.
Safety means control. Control means less freedom.
We want hate speech laws! Oh shit Trump and the GOP would have a hand in crafting them? Down with hate speech laws!
Students who took part in the first walk out have already started complaining about the new rules their schools have instituted at their request because suddenly their rights are being infringed upon and they don't like it.
I remember being in high school. We were idiots, just like these kids. That's why no one should be taking them seriously.
If young people voted as often as they protested, Bernie Sanders would be President right now.
Not really. Bernie got shafted by Hillary and the DNC. Even with his popularity, he didn't have the internal connections that she had so the establishment worked against his favor.
Totally agree. Would have been some convention floor shenanaigans ala Rule 40 b and the 2012 Paul fiasco.
The democrats pretty much just screwed their midterms chances with this move. They're gonna be slaughtered in the traditionally red suburbs now which is what they needed to win.
I can confirm this, I over heard conversations of what candidates were "willing to protect our rights" as I bought a new handgun.
https://www.npr.org/2018/03/15/593831564/the-disconnect-between-perceived-danger-in-u-s-schools-and-reality
i'm happy to see NPR cover that. Plenty of other similar articles with the same facts will be dismissed by the anti-gun crowd simply because of the source.
Thanks for the article. Perception versus statistics. Accidents and suicides from what I have read are a way bigger problem with guns than mass shootings but the mass shootings are more spectacular and thus more news worthy.
not as much accidents as suicides. Also gang violence.
Suicides are more a mental health problem than a gun problem.
CNN and Bloomberg are using students as a way of pushing gun control. Pretty sad.
More people win lottery jackpots over $1 million dollars than die in mass shootings. But mass shootings take a huge emotional toll which the media can exploit and make a lot money.
How? Most cannot vote and the rest will not vote. 2A supporters out number them and vote. Instead of anti-gun how about we start a movement called "Do your damned jobs" so agencies actually do their damned jobs and keep firearms out of these lunatics hands.
“Politicians: either represent the people or get out. Stand with us or beware, the voters are coming,” Cameron Kasky, a 17-year-old junior at Marjory Stoneman Douglas, told the crowd
Something interesting:
Well duh that's because it's the style of guns they grew up with, either in video games or real life. Unlike the older generation who grew up with to put it simply "wood".


I, for one, prefer the look of wood furniture on guns. But that just means I like AKs more than ARs.
"We dont want clear backpacks, thats a violation of our rights." -David Hogg.
regarding clear backpacks
Exactly. I think r/weekendgunnit had a funny post about how the children are saying one person (the shooter) ruins it for thousands of them, you know, for the clear backpack. But at the same time its ironic how one person (the shooter) could ruin it for millions of gun owners like myself.
It's sad to even mention, but the very best friends of the gun control movement are the mass murderers themselves. Suicides by gunshot, despite being the leading cause of gun deaths in the nation, aren't sensational enough to gather much attention. Your common murders, like some poor gas station clerk getting blown away in a robbery seldom make it past the local or regional news media. Criminals killing each other over drug deals or gang disputes can't gather enough sympathy from the general public to be effective.
Yea, cuz also statistically the majority of crimes, even mass shootings have been done with handguns
Well yeah... For your average criminal a long arm isn't practical. Yet once again, talk of banning pistols is a hard selling point; they aren't the lowest hanging fruit on the vine. See again, my comment on ol' granddaddy's hunting rifle, as applied to a .22 revolver in their dresser drawers.
Why is a 19 year old still in high school?
Whoa whoa whoa, some people (like myself) went to kindergarten at age 6 then graduating hs at 19 years old.
Oh thats right. Thanks, I hadnt thought about that.
The funny thing is a lot of lower class schools in Florida already had clear backpacks and no one cared.
Jokes on them, I keep my meth in my pockets!
Joke's on them, I keep my meth inside me!
Some guy on schoolboard reading reddit: "You know, this guy is right. We should have clear uniforms to dissuade any contraband."
"Republicans are child killers" - David Hogg.
Did he actually say this? Wow.
What he said word for word was:
Thanks for the full quote. Hogg's a fucking idiot.
Dude got 3 million dollars from various organizations. He'd say the sky was green.
Maybe he should give some to that Gonzales chick so she can get a new haircut.
I mean, he's a kid. It's cruel for his handlers to have him out saying these lines.
He's so incredibly unlikeable that I'm almost thankful he has become their de facto spokesperson.
He probably doesn't remember Obama's bombings or Hillary overthrowing governments.
Remember when Obama drone bombed a 16 year old American teenager who'd committed absolutely no crimes and nobody cared?
Remember when Bill Clinton's administration thought it was a good idea for the FBI to burn innocent children to death?
Pepperidge Farms does.
"Obama would never kill a brown person!"
Question: How are clear backpacks even a "rights" violation?
A, no you won't. Chances are that you won't vote at all. Not to mention that most of you live in liberal areas which already have anti-gun politicians in office.
310 million firearms figure is from 2009. Since December of 2012, every month has seen 2.2 million in gun sales or more. We are at or above half a billion, yo.
This guy gets it.
Narrator: "They didn't"
"The gang tackles guns"
My little cousin is on such a tear about this right now.. I am not looking forward to Easter dinner conversation.
Then force the family to keep Politics off the table. That's what I do.
Except most of these large scale marches probably took place in already liberal areas. So, are they gonna vote out the Dems if they don’t get gun control passed?
It’s funny you say that. My friends in SF were marching for gun control recently and I’m like wtf ? What’s left to control there ? That’s one of the strictest in the nation.
It's representation.
I live in an area that is very conservative. Haven’t elected a Dem here in living memory. Yet, huge turnout for the march here. These kids are motivated and they will be voting in the next few years.
As will the silent majority who oppose them. Nothing keeps moderate liberals from voting and makes conservative voters come out of the woodwork like a push for gun control. If liberals would just give up that one issue they would mop the floor in every election and we could get things like universal public healthcare which will save far more lives than banning guns, which kill very few Americans. You are far more likely to die from slipping and falling in your own home than being shot.



These kids are motivated and they will be voting in the next few years.



God it’s so sad.
Is it a local community college? Because, you know, most kids are from out of the area otherwise. I had to get a mail-in ballot in order to vote when I was away at University, a hassle most of the other kids didn't bother with, even in a presidential election cycle.
I don't know which campus you're talking about, but the polling place I went to near my university was packed with college aged students, even during primaries. Anecdotal evidence isn't one size fits all.
The kids on reddit who are politically motivated enough to browse /news and /politics don’t realize they’re in the 1% of their age group. This march will change absolutely nothing. Frankly, I just don’t think there’s enough popular support for gun control. It’s part of our constitution and a big part of america. I’m an older millenial and only like maybe 20% of the people I know are anti gun and a TON are gun owners. It doesn’t help the anti gun crowd is very uneducated on guns, if they could actually intelligently debate the topic it would help their cause.
Especially for kids, I think anger and peer pressure are more potent motivators than begging or requests. If the kids are sufficiently galvanized, we’ll see a significant uptick. But you’re right, that uptick would have to be massive to put them on the level of the older generations.
Massive and sustained. Showing up for one midterm simply isn't enough.
It takes the right candidate.. At my uni (North Carolina) students came out in droves in early voting for Obama.
These kids are motivated and they will be voting in the next few years.
I feel like "adults" are projecting their own political idealism on the kids.
It's cause saying that gets them a few likes on social media. I wonder how many would go to these marches if they couldn't tell people on social media that they went to the march.
Better yet, how many would attend if the MSM didn't have a giant propaganda campaign telling them they should hate the Constitution and march to repeal their own rights?
These kids are motivated
the organization hosting this event bussed in kids from around the country for free. We had 43 from a school here go and it was fully paid for by the organization.











it is called astroturfing = fake grassroots.
How much you wanna bet those elites have armed security and/or own guns themselves
The speakers for their fake protest all had armed guards... imagine that.
Hell the speakers at the protest today were protected by armed cops and security. There are photos of them getting in their limo's after talking with security and guns.
They have to be protected from those kids with 5 gallon buckets of rocks. Even with training I doubt guns will be effective against the rocks.
I laugh every time this happens. "We will vote you out!" Yeah fucking right. Less than half of you turned out to stop someone you classified as "literally Hitler".
Reddit: "Young generations need to get politically involved if they don't want Republicans in power!
Reddit, or at least /news/ always veer VERY Hard Right whenever a Gun topic comes up.
Guns rights are not a specifically right wing tenet, there are leftists in favor of firearms, /r/liberalgunowners. Or, maybe, you know we don't like having our rights taken by authoritarians?
I'm not republican or democrat, im close to an anarchist or a libertarian so excuse me since I dont get involved in politics often: why do opinions have to be a specific party, you like guns your right, you want guns banned your left, why cant we just have our own opinions without being labeled?
2 parties sort of result in the entire "We're for it, vote us. We're against it, vote us"
I completly agree
I completely disagree. Vote for us!
2 Party System means almost anything can be put in a binary choice.
It's not a good way of thinking critically, but the ineffectiveness of independent candidates demonstrates why having nuanced opinions that cross party lines is a less effective strategy for getting elected. The public can't handle it.
we're humans though, one party doesnt represent our opinions, I can be anti abortion and anti gun or I can be pro choice and pro gun, humans arent binary, why is the thing that decides whether we live or die and our quality of life, binary?
I'm pro choice and pro gun, pro marijuana and pro gay, basically I'm pro live your life how you fucking want and stop telling others what to do. A libertarian if you will, and I'm kind of fed up with the "Oh you believe X, you must be a Y!" At this point, I'm pretty much sick of both the left and the right, two sides of the same coin if you ask me.
if my 19 hours awake sleep deprived brain was better then I would write a paragraph but I will simply say: I wish more people in politics were like you, kudos
Yea, you are correct. People suck though
r/politics people always view anyone pushing back against their ideas as hard right. They believe everywhere else is either with them or complete extremist, they can't even see the irony.
It's almost like Reddit isn't a collective entity and is actually millions of people with different backgrounds and opinions
This is true.
When someone tells you that you don't need a constitutional right, then you need it
I said that about the fourth amendment, and people told me we need civil asset forfeiture and the NSA to fight the terrorists
Democrats: But won't someone think of the children? DO YOU LOVE DEAD CHILDREN? People like you could have the blood of children smeared on your face and still wouldn't so anything!
I’m in high school right now and the marches are bullshit. I’m not against gun control except the “Assault weapon ban” and at least in my school anyone who didn’t go on the march just gets labeled a school shooter by other students and basically bullied.
Not surprising. Lots of high schoolers are entitled cunts. Some just never grow out of it as adults.































Canada sent a large contingent of students to protest as well. Foreign politics anyone?
I'm still waiting on any sort of gun debate between these teenagers and a gun rights advocate. Their ideas needs to be challenged and critiqued.
It doesn't even have to be adults vs kids, there are plenty of kids that are involved with guns. Yesterday the ranch I work at hosted a clay shoot fundraiser and one of the best groups was a a set oh kids that are involved with 4H and are doing stuff like this to put them through college.
You mean “The NRA would be happy to have children’s blood smeared on their faces” isn’t a valid argument for gun control?
That would be foolish. Any argument you have with these kids will be spun as "attacking" a victim and they can say literally anything they want. It's a losing proposition.
That's why the Hogg vs Kashuv debate idea is so good. Both victims. Both 16-17. Opposite ends of the gun debate.
Honestly I just don't wanna hear children talk about anything. Let alone politics. All the last few years has taught me is that hardly anyone is qualified to speak about politics, let alone children.
Yea, most of the things they've said basically made me think "they're kids alright".
"Well I personally don't think we can just enact a blanket ban.."
"WHY DO YOU WANT US TO DIE???"
Judging by some of the posters people have been posting pics of, and some of the equally poor responses we've seen I think it would be very funny.
Well, CNN held a public beating.
Obviously it had no bias and wasn’t slanted in any way against the progun speaker.
The police officer on duty literally stood outside the school while the kids were being shot and refused to go inside.

I love this. Minorities getting shot every day in the hood? Silence.
The level of toxicity in this thread is incredible
It's a reflection of the debate in general.
After watching videos of the rallies and seeing the "discussion" between pro gun supporters vs anti gun supporters, the anti gun people have no leg to stand on. They provide no real arguments other than screaming and feelings
the anti gun people have no leg to stand on.
Lol grassroots....try multi-million dollar organization funded by a billionaire with an authoritarian streak.
"No, the children organized this all by themselves! Give them an 'A'"
Or you figure out what's causing these kids to shoot their peers. Just a thought.
Well that's insinuating people should be held accountable for their actions, which is a moral, just and nice thing.
I have an idea -- let's have these people march in the neighborhoods where the most gun crimes happen. The poor, disenfranchised people there should see with their own eyes that their fellow Americans DO care about what's going on in those communities.
Minorities and working class are not the base of anti gunners. The base is the urban upper class.
They won’t do that. They don’t have guns to defend themselves.
They don’t have guns to defend themselves.
These are the same idiots that whine about clear backpacks violating their 1st amendment rights, while they openly advocate violating the 2nd amendment rights of millions of people.
Except that there a shitload of other people who are voting against you, kids.
This has been a huge rallying cry for an otherwise complacent gun rights community. Lots of mobilizing and donating to local gun groups going on. I actually joined Gun Owners of America in addition to my NRA membership.
Last I checked my school taxes are for an education not these forced “field trips”.
Don't worry, your school taxes aren't needed when Bloomberg is bankrolling the marches.
Today tide pods, tomorrow gun control!
2A supporters will not forget this come election time. I'm guessing voter turn out will be higher than it will be for the anti gun crowd.

Students...yeah...yeah, students did this all on their own. Also, I have some bridges to sell.
They totally organized these nationwide protests. You didn’t know? They got together with schools across the nation to simultaneously walk and hire armed security (heh) for each event. They even paid for the living and travel expenses.
I went to the MSNBC and Washinton Post youtube channels and like half of the live chat was "when is Ariana Grande coming on!!!11!".
Most of the people protesting cant vote.





But I need to hear the PING!!!
PING!!!
I made this for you and /u/pr0kk.
Nice
Nice
Nice
Nice
Nice
Nice
Nice
Nice
Nice
Nice
You are a saint.
Perfect
Someone guild this guy.
I thought we were boycotting gold.
That's why OP asked for someone to guild him. Induct him into our guild of gold boycotters.
Oh yeah baby that's the stuff
Hostess
the most satisfying sound in any ww2 shooter. can’t imagine how satisfying that is irl
I mean, if you were the one shooting, in real life it was probably a fucking terrifying noise.
Definitely a good way to let the guys shooting at you know you're out of ammo
I don’t really think anyone is going to notice the ping after 8 rounds of 30-06 blasting off.
EEEEEEEEEEEEE
mawp mawp
Apparently US soldiers would throw the clips at rocks to mimic the sound and fake out the enemy into thinking they were empty.
I've heard that's a myth. Consider that when soldiers were firing these that there were lots of them at once. Poking your head out because you heard one ping doesn't mean they're all out of ammo.
You also wouldn't be able to hear the ping over the extremely loud gunfire and artillery. Which you only sorta heard in the first place because you would be half deaf from the EXTREMELY LOUD GUNFIRE AND ARTILLERY.
WHAT?! I'M HALF DEAF FROM EXTREMELY LOUD GUNFIRE AND ARTILLERY!
A GERMAN GRENADE WENT OFF RIGHT NEXT TO MY EAR
TINNITU-WHAT?
That’s nothing, I took an arrow to the knee.
I always wondered why the entire WWII generation is not completely deaf--did they have earplugs for the GIs?
No my wife’s grandfather is partially deaf in one ear from being in the artillery and he never even went to war... this was right after Korea. Even before I joined the army dudes used to get disability for hearing which was the beginning of the war in the early 2000’s so I think they probably weren’t using ear pro during the surge either. Nowadays if we don’t wear it the army blames us for being deaf and won’t pay
Also your not going to hear a little ping over gunfire, I doubt the soldiers even heard the ping from their own guns in the heat of battle.
The constant shooting doesn't even matter, you just fired 8 rounds of .30-06 without earplugs. You will never hear as well again. Then imagine doing that constantly all the way to Berlin.
It's ok most of them flew to Europe on loud ass turboprops without noise dampening or bunked in diesel boats running loud ass engines.
It definitely wouldnt help in a big firefight, but in a tighter situation where the ping could draw attention it would be useful.
It is fact that a lot of the infantry believed that the ping would get you killed, and did in fact try to use the sound to trick the enemy, the myth is that anyone could hear it in a firefight and make a move in the time it took to reload/your buddy to shoot them.
Those are both myths. The thing is... guns are fucking loud, like permanent hearing loss without hearing protection loud. If you're shooting, and the other guy is shooting, you're not gonna hear the teeny tiny sound of a garand clip ejecting. And even if you do, they don't take too long to reload, so you better be fuckin close, otherwise you're taking a 30-06 to the face the second you round their cover.
I remember the first time if shot a 30-06. Until then, I had only fired smaller revolvers and a .22 rifle. The amount of power was insane. You could hear it echo for several seconds. In movies, it seems like no big deal, you could shoot indoors and talk to your buddy next to you immeadly after.
Hand signals.
http://rat-hunter.com/stories/2006/bob-hand-signals/rat-hunting-signals.jpg
That's what I've never understood about war. I've been shooting guns all my life and I know all too well how loud they are. How the fuck do combat veterans have working hearing?

WHAT?
That's a huge myth. No one was dumb enough to bumrush an enemy position just because ONE guy was out of ammo. It's a comparatively quiet sound in a battle, even a small firefight.
How in the fuck could you even hear the ping over the squad shooting handful of these things at once. Or the guy with the tommy. Or the BAR. Or the .30. Ridiculous myth that keeps circulating.
I dont think so. You have to remeber that bullets are super sonic and if they get near you, you hear a really loud CRACK. On top of that there would likley be other people, including your enemies and his team mates, shooting as well. So I'd think a PING from a gun wouldnt be heard due to other peoples rifles, machine guns, SMGs, artillery, grenades, shouting,etc going on all at the same time. iirc most soldiers didnt actually hear the ping of their own rifle unless engaging enemies from a distance and relied on seeing the clip fly from their rifle as an indicator that they are out of rounds.
How did he not crush his thumb loading it without holding the slide
A lot of soldiers did indeed crush their thumbs with this thing.
I know, that’s why I commented what I said. Generally you hold the slide with your left hand, load with the right then pull your thumb out and release
or you hold the bolt with the blade of your right hand while inserting the clip with your thumb.
Practice.
You don't need to hold the charging handle. You only need to keep pressure on the top cartridge. As long as you do that, it will not close.
I have owned a 1944 m1 for about ten years. I take it hunting once a year. But at least three times every six months I take it out to pretend I’m captain winters charging a platoon of SS and hear it go PING!
This guy is playing with fire - he's 1 microsecond from "Garand thumb".
Would you take a BING ?
Say Bing! Say it!
The depressing thing is that I can see that happening 100%.
The first thing I thought of was "Big bada boom."
My wife had a c section last Friday and I used that line during if. I was amused, her......not so much
How much?
I don't sell these unfortunately.
I understand you're saying you don't sell these, but let me ask in a different way... How MUCH?
just buy an actual M1. added benefit: you now own a nazi-killing gun.
Buy through the Civilian Marksmanship Program and you can have it shipped directly to your door without having to go through an FFL.
"Per the newly completed and signed Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) between the U.S. Army and the Civilian Marksmanship Program, M1 Garands will be limited to eight per calendar year, per customer."
People were literally buying dozens at a time to hoard since the CMP was running out...because people were buying dozens at a time.
But why
If you could buy a bunch of perfectly fucntioning classic cars for way below what their market value is, wouldn't you? By their nature theyre a limited commodity. Supply is outstripped by demand.
Yea... if i was gonna re sell them.
Highly collectible, and once the CMP finally and truly runs out they’ll be hard to come by and on the collectors market only. Rifles people bought for $650-$2000 will be worth twice or three times as much.
But what if the ppl who bought dozens at once all start trying to sell because cmp ran out?
Everyone fears a shortage and increase in M1 prices so they panic and buy them all up. Causing the shortage they feared in the first place.
It's the gun nuts beanie baby.
God bless america
well for the CMP there are somewhat strict requirements you must meet to prove your familiarity and competence.





I'd be all over that if I could find a way to get a membership locally... It seems like the only CMP clubs around here are high school ROTC or really expensive/selective gun clubs.
It looks like one of your cheaper bets for Georgia would be the Glock Sport Shooting Foundation @ $35 for a year membership.
Check out the Garand collectors association! It’s like $25 for a yearly membership and it counts as a CMP affiliated club
Thanks for the tip, I had no idea!
I didn't know that was a thing, legally. Interesting.
They still do a background check and you have to submit a decent amount of paperwork such as proof of membership of a CMP affiliated club, a marksmanship requirement (such as a CHL license, proof of participation in a shooting competition, etc) so it’s legit.
No, dont tell them! I need mine before they run out!
Good news (from last year).
There ain't nothin' better than killin' Nazis.
What if we ask really nicely though?
"Now we're talking!"
That's very kind of you, I'll message you my address for a free one.
CC me on that email. I'll take two!
BCC me in that email. I want to be passively informed.
Any chance we can get plans for it? I'd like to try a 3d printed version.
Has anyone bought these? Scale of one to ten, one being "what's a saw?" and ten being Ron Swanson, how capable with woodworking do you have to be to make one of these that actually functions correctly?
Looking at the tutorial, I would say 6/10
Thanks.
Do you have experience with 3D printing? Do you just load the model and print? This seems really easy to model with extrudes
The link here is not for a 3D printer. It is a PDF plan for making this out of wood: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWsS9wWRAf8
If the pdf is detailed well making a 3d model would likely only take a couple hours at most. If only I had a printer.
Do you hate money?
No; I just hate the fact no-one seems willing to pay the labour costs, which amounts to a couple weeks of work. Edit: Based on the interest so far, I'd hear serious offers. Very different audience here...
You underestimate rich people
Yeah but the moment you start selling them at 1000 a pop people will start bitching your face off.
Three weeks of work.
What if you estimated your time as being worth less than minimum wage in the 12th century?
2 weeks, call it a conservative 5 x 8 x 2=80 hours.
$1,000 for this thing?
I might be seriously underestimating the audience of Reddit vs. YouTube. On youtube though, no-one puts their money where their mouth is. Though if people want to PM me offers, this may be the first time I don't automatically say no.
Found the silicone valley money
You made front page, might as well cash in
Laws are also a problem. They are neither legal nor illegal in Australia. So it's not something I feel comfortable selling.
But...it's a rubber band gun. You're not 3d printing a minigun here
Don't know about the rest of Aus, but in the NT even paintball markers are classified under our firearms laws and are illegal to own privately.
Yes but he's in Australia, where you can't buy plastic butterknives until you're 18.
Just ask for more than you think is reasonable and see if you get any requests anyway.
Um r/pitchforkemporium time
He does sell the plans for building the guns on etsy, though. Link in the video description.
Thanks that's what I wanted to know.
"when they won't sell you their pitch, we'll sell you the forks" r/Pitchforkemporium probably
Your're insane. The only thing I thought watching this video was "take my money." I came to the comments to figure out who I needed to give my money to.
His time is probably more valuable to him than the money he'd get selling them at anything resembling a reasonable price. If he asked, say, $1000 for one, people would call him unreasonable / greedy - but if he asked any less it'd be a waste of time.
What about posting the plans?
He's posted them in the video description.
Maybe not right now, but Reddit's going to stuff dollar bills in your mouth you whore.
$5 plans
https://youtu.be/9ieWrWLjii0
Dear god, that guy it's like pure freaking old school North Carolina.
Can confirm. My NC, hillbilly, tobacco farmer grandpa has this exact accent.
I live in NC and he sounded normal. Ugh.
I also live in NC and didn't notice anything unusual.
He’s my spirit animal.
"Lotta times when you had that, you ended up wi’ something to eat, or you dudn’t have it if you dudn’t have it along with ya."
Really stoked you posted this video. Never would have seen it otherwise. That guy is pure legend.
See it's stuff like this that makes me think that in the old times (Genghis Khan to Middle Ages) that the archers back then are probably way better than any archer alive right now. It was just survival and if you couldn't hunt, you weren't going to eat.
Imagine if it was your only pursuit. You would get really fucking good.
Considering they used plain bows and now we have compound bows with 36 attachments and 82 scopes, probably.
need plans for this
The plans are for sale and you'll find the tutorial in the video description.




When will you make plans for something that fires bicycle innertubes?
The design that allows the clip to pass through the cocking slide without interrupting the semi-auto mechanism is pretty slick. Looks pretty as well.
It's lever-action, not semi-auto.
They tried to ban semiauto assault rubber band weapons after 19 high schoolers were stung sharply in one attack, but the NRBRA lobbyists ended up suing
I don't...really...feel 100% comfortable with this.
You went to a dark place made of fear. I thought about how as a kid we would shoot wasps (paper folded) at each other for maximum pain.
Anyone that put staples in those can burn in hell.
If you watch the shooter's hand closely, it's not a semi-auto, it's actually a lever-action.
No you can tell by the way it shoots that it’s actually a fully semi-automatic assault rubber band rifle. FSARBR for us military enthusiasts.
Want
Sum
fuk?
We did it Reddit!
For anyone interested, the first version was semi-automatic: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dYGTqbZwPU
M1 Garband*
Dude, he has a video titled M1 Garand and you went with this one?
Considering he made the channel, I think he can go with whatever video he wants.
lol right you are!
It's hard/impossible to tell from the video, but that one is very unreliable and has an incredibly terrible trigger pull.
This is one is cooler.
At least now I know how Pablo Escobar went through so many rubber bands a month
Uncessary shit I’m gonna buy with my tax refund, for 100 Bob.
No Garand thumb though.
I'm sorry, but nobody needs a rubberband gun that's capable of inflicting a lot of welts in a very short amount of time except maybe the military.
We must ban high-capacity rubber band magazines!
That's a clip, not a magazine.
We are writing law's not dictionaries!
Not sure if the apostrophe was out of ignorance or subtlety. Either way, have an upvote.
Oy you, stop gunsplaining
How DARE people correct uninformed people's usage of the incorrect terminology!
Now you’re “splaining”-splaining: labeling something as -splaining in order to reduce the validity of an argument without addressing the issues
I never thought I'd ever hear that reversed.
I disagree. Our founding fathers decreed that everyone has the god-given right to possess all types of rubber band projectiles. We need them in case we need to overthrow the government.
I want one. I want. One. Iwantone.
PING!
Plans here ($6 for this gun): https://www.etsy.com/au/shop/ParabellumArms?ref=l2-shopheader-name
It's called a magazine…s/
It is actually called a clip in this case...
should I have put the / before the s?
Fuck me, I'm the moron here
haha naw fam, there were a bunch of down votes. It's way too subtle a joke.
That’s why he put a sarcasm tag on his post.
Clipazine
*assault clipazine
Fully automatic attack gat capable of 3000 clipazines per second2 .
This is a ghost gun https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJmFEv6BHM0
"I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm going to try to sound scary to people that don't know what I'm talking about either."
30 caliber clip. lmao
holy shit, what the actual fuck.
/r/politics is the subreddit for current and explicitly political U.S. news.
As a reminder, this subreddit is for civil discussion.
teacher told the class before pointing the gun at the ceiling that he was doing so to make sure his gun wasn’t loaded, something that can be determined visually.
I can’t fathom why the school wasn’t put on lockdown after a gun shot was heard.





















they let a kid sit through school and go home with BULLET FRAGMENTS IN HIS NECK?! No one thought this might require a bit more than letting him be a few minutes late for study hall???
That kid won't have to worry about how to pay for college now.
[kid raises hand]
That incident should have prompted a call to the police for investigation and a medical check for the student...at minimum.
I’m a history teacher, and I took time after the shooting at Stoneman Douglas to have an open forum with my 9th graders. We were discussing the idea of having armed teachers and this is exactly the sort of shit that came up. Shit happens in classrooms. Students AND adults make mistakes all the time. There is no room for a weapon in that mixture of learning, passion, underpaid state employees, and teenage drama. Shit is bound to go bad sometime.
My exact arguement. By bringing more guns on a campus, all you've done is increase the risk of accidental discharges, and the potential of some emotionally unstable student or teacher makes a rash decision to get ahold of one. Stacy says no to Johnny when he asks her to prom, and next thing you know your Glock is missing and he's holding it to his head in the cafeteria.
Increased amount of guns = decreased gun injuries
decreased taxes = increased government income *in the same amount






Yeah but at least we're selling more guns. /s
I can't believe your stupid fucking president even suggested that.
It is a stupid idea, but of course I can believe HE suggested it.
We can.
Then you haven't been paying attention. He could suggest an automated minigun turret in the front of every class room and I wouldn't bat an eye.
The sad part is that even though he's widely regarded as a fucking idiot, him just saying it still plants it solidly in the national conversation. I've already heard multiple otherwise intelligent people actually seriously consider this joke of a policy, and the reason is they're falling prey to normalization.
Former LEO here...my captain tased a woman in the face because he was showing it off to people. Training don't mean shit when the well trained people don't put it to good use
Probably should have read "my FORMER captain."
Well only former in that I'm no longer there. He's still a captain unfortunately
Because of course he is.
Shit is bound to go bad sometime.
We've already got at least two examples of it going bad and we're two weeks in from the suggestion.








I too am a teacher. I knew that arming instructors was a bad idea based on the fact that I drop dry erase markers all the time. Also, common sense and stuff.
So a teacher who had a gun shot a student.
And nobody bothered to call home..
Or the Police. The dad called after the kid came home is what it sounds like...
or the fucking hospital because the poor kid had BULLET FRAGMENTS STILL EMBEDDED IN HIS FUCKING SKIN
I'd have a lawyer that day and press charges
Seriously, how the fuck is the headline NOT "Teacher accidentally discharges firearm and wounds student" like what the fuck WaPo?
accidently negligently
It was a teacher and cop. Let's lead with all the facts, this idiot is a cop too.
How the fuck could they not tell the parents, let alone the police!
Considering this asshole is the police (and the deputy mayor), I'm gonna go with "because he was trying to cover it up and everyone else was complicit."
Does he get three paychecks? Because how does that make sense if he's half-assing two of his three jobs?
rule #1, a gun is always fucking loaded.
Rule #2: Even if a gun isn't loaded, it's still fucking loaded.
can we add, it only takes a second the open the chamber and visually look for a round?
This is pretty much it. You always check the chamber. First thing you do when picking up a gun is check the chamber. I can't understand anyone who doesn't do this.
And (just to drive the point home) even after seeing an empty chamber, you still treat the gun as though its loaded.
Rule #3, finger off (the trigger), safety on, until you commit to shoot.
Rule #4: Do not point the business end of the weapon toward anything you don't want to see destroyed.
I was teaching my gf about gun safety and got into an argument with her over her pointing it at me when she was switching sides. She's like it's not loaded. I respond with it's always fucking loaded. ALWAYS.
Why the fuck would you point a gun up when trying to check if it's loaded? What a fucking idiot. Always point it at the ground.
Or, you know, don't have one at school.
That’s crazy. Obviously the solution is to keep kids out of schools. That way there are no students for a teacher to shoot.
Yeah probably not inside a classroom with concrete and tile floors. A shit load of bullet fragments would go all over the room.
It's almost like there's no safe place to be pointing a gun inside a classroom
Yeah, weird isn't it?
That's the third story of gun fuckery in 24 hours. There was the sheriff that left his gun in the school locker room; the SRO whose gun went off while in his office; and now this asshole.
Guns do not belong in schools, especially when even the people (ostensibly) trained in their use can't keep them from randomly going off or going missing.
Here's said video.
Mel Brooks circa 1974 couldn't write something that funny.
Negligently shot himself in the leg.
Where there's people, there's negligence. Add guns and you get negligent gun accidents.
Now add more guns, guns everywhere all the time. Whaddya get?
Circle one: (Safety, Negligent gun accidents) all the time.
Yeah even republicans are starting to realise this.
So the schools are going.
even republicans are starting to realise this
Republican voters are beginning to acknowledge room for improvement in our gun laws. It's congressional Republicans and our insane extremist President that want to arm teachers.
They are starting to realize that the real problem is video games./s
Can confirm, punched someone last night and they exploded
Jokes on all of them, Fallout 4 came out in VR, but when Fallout 5 comes out in RR we're gonna be ready!
but when Fallout 5 comes out in RR we're gonna be ready!
That's what i need in my real life. Paid DLC for everything.
I mean, you could argue that’s how Trump attained everything he has, up to and including the presidency.
I haven't met a single Republican who has budged in the slightest on their gun control stance. However, I do live in the mecca that is rural Georgia.
"Let them eat guns!"
I live in the very liberal PNW, still a shocking amount of gun nuts that have doubled down on the only solution being "more guns."
I guess we’ll find out in 8mo, when there’ll be a special election to force the entire House of Representatives to reapply for their own jobs.
So the schools are going
Ah...you're right, swoosh.
So the schools are going.
I'm sure the private schools the politicians send their kids to don't allow guns....
Ha ha, you want to get rid of school shootings? Just replace the schools with a giant pile of guns.
There was also the Georgia teacher who fired his handgun at school (and it wasn't an accident) on March 1st.
There was also the Utah teacher with a CC permit who shot herself in the leg.
In NC, teachers took a survey about guns in schools and arming teachers. Something like 40% said they were either for it, or weren't completely against it. 40% of the teachers said yes or maybe...
My wife, an NC teacher, said she will quit her job if they arm any teacher at her school. She doesn't many teachers around her to watch her own classroom while she steps out, how could she trust them with a gun?
 No. That's not true. Actually, they heard a loud noise. Later, a hole was seen, no one saw the bullet leave the gun. 
And he was actually fired if I recall, unlike this teacher.
He was demoted from Acting Manager but remained a salesman, you filthy casual!
I'll go into the corner...
Don’t beat yourself up. It’s not my job to fire people, but to hire people, and inspire people.
I also live in NC. Let me tell you, it's always...always the divorced white guy, who comes in early to work, so he can watch Fox news in the break room, always going on about how the UN is stealing our national monuments, and who also happens to own five assault weapons.
And teachers aren't immune from that. A few years ago, a teacher at my wife's school was quietly dismissed over Christmas break because she was so terrible at her job. Everyone on the hall could hear her screaming at her kids constantly. Parents were complaining to the principle daily. She was only a teacher there for 1 semester and it was her first semester after graduating from college. She was not fit for that job, but some people want to arm unstable people like that.
What if one kid takes it
How many people are dead in police shootings because they reached for the officer's gun?
This was a student, add it to the list.
Had a teacher had a gun to shoot him first, he wouldve never been able to shoot himself
But of course, why wouldn't this happen? Training is not a panacea that totally prevents 100% of incidents, without fault. We're trained to drive cars, yet accidents still occur. Professionals like doctors and lawyers receive training, yet they still must purchase professional liability insurance in case they fuck things up for their clients/patients and get sued. Why do they think firearms training is somehow different? Maybe this is the Canadian in me, but if I knew that one (or more) of my child's teachers were carrying firearms in a class full of rambunctious children, I would change schools, and it has nothing to do with the teacher's character or sense of right and wrong (although that could also come into play).
The CDC could avail itself of the statistics estimating the cost in lives of providing more guns in schools. However the CDC is not permitted to study gun related deaths due to legislation created in response to the NRA lobbyists. The simple truth that semi automatic weapons should only be used by law enforcement is now an unreachable goal and the descent into increasing gun related deaths, intentional and accidental, will continue to escalate.
not just a teacher---but a reserve police officer
It was during a class about public safety and a student was injured.
Pretty impressive if you ask me. Not many people can f*ck up like that, it takes a special kind of character to do that.
Trump bringing out the best.
Someone is getting a huge lawsuit for Easter.
Not to mention he had safety training within the last year! So he should be pretty up to date on this shit!
The guy who has been extensively trained and is in charge of teaching gun safety, and even he had an accident in a controlled environment.
So in the all teachers are armed scenario, what should have happened is other teachers hear the gunshot, recognize an active shooter situation from their training, and storm his classroom and shoot the bad guy with a gun.
We just need to make sure the good guys with guns are labelled. Maybe with a badge of some kind, or a uniform.
Even easier: Mood Rings for armed teachers. Then all it takes is a quick ocular pat-down and you'll know if they're a good guy with a gun or a bad guy with a gun.
Post two dudes near the playground at all times. Guys that would make you say, “Nuh uh. I ain’t messin’ with that dude.” From there they can perform ocular assessments, garner whether or not an individual is a security risk and then clear them for passage.
They’ll need samurai swords and sweet leather dusters in case things get hairy.
And maybe a garbage bag full of chimichangas.
Just ban schools. Bam - zero school shootings.
Is that you Betsy Devos?
Drugs are banned and people still do them, what makes you think that a kid won't find a book somehow and start reading from it in public in front of other kids? Huh? Bet you didn't consider that lib.
What if instead of them being teachers we gave these guys their own jobs, maybe a car with lights so they know it's an emergency......I got it we arm paramedics!
Well I've been playing video games for a long time so all that violence has prepared me for exactly such a scenario.
Or if your reticle turns red.
Obviously, most of the classrooms are going to lock down except for the elite teachers among them who are part of the Special Weapons And Teachers, they would swoop in, secure the room, and shoot their colleague. But he's making an extra $10 a month, so he knew what he signed up for.
that's it -- we have to arm students against wreckless teachers
He was just doing his first "desk pop." No biggie.
grammar skills
wreckless teachers
Yeah. I was thinking yesterday: what happens when one of these armed teachers shoots up a classroom? The whole plan instantly goes to shit.
Just arm the students to keep the teachers in line.
Just arm the parents to keep the students in line.
Wow, these things are amazing!
There's two quotes that keep coming to my mind. "when I was at school we had to be armed or the teachers had an unfair advantage" from transmetropolitan (good old spider Jerusalem) and "experts predict that one day, even polite conversation between mother and daughter will be conducted at gunpoint" from brasseye 'decline' episode (I think). And us politics seems to have become since 2017 the world of transmetropolitan without all the cool shit being commented on by the brasseye crew without the comedy or satire. The worst timeline.
Did you miss the news where a depressed teacher locked himself in a room and fired warning shots two weeks ago?
The kid had to get himself home with bullet fragments in his neck and blood on his shirt before his parents rushed him to the hospital for treatment. Apparently the teacher and/or school didn't even tell them about the incident after it happened. This is fucked up!
The teacher was identified by police as Dennis Alexander, who teaches math as well as a course in the administration of justice. Alexander is a reserve police officer for Sand City and a Seaside city councilman.
the proper way of checking if a gun is loaded is not to "point up and shoot"
This ought to be the top comment in the thread lmao
I am a gun rights advocate. He needs to be charged with felony brandishing a firearm, discharging a firearm within a school, and discharging a firearm in the presence of minors. Hit him with all three. Right fucking now.
Wow... The man not only pulled a gun but purposefully fired it. The police response is a lackluster "we'll look into it" because the teacher is on their team. Fucking disgusting. The man should be arrested for reckless discharge, endangering children, and assault with a deadly weapon.
Parents need to Lawyer Up! The easiest way to end this nonsense is show schools they open themselves to expensive legal battles if they allow this shit.
Student shot by teacher and no call home or medical attention given to the student? What an absolutely slam dunk case that will be.
No police report, student comes home bloody to surprised parents, this is a colossal fuckup.
Yeah there's a nice payday coming up for them on that one. So many levels of negligence.
Weird how having guns in a classroom actually increases the odds that a gun accident will happen there. Nobody could have seen that coming.
Wait, gun violence is connected to guns?

Clearly the way to prevent this from happening in the future is to have more guns.

Nobody could have seen that coming.
A sheriff left his gun in a local middle school locker the other day and a 6th grader found it.
So far we have a sheriff, a SRO (cop),and now this guy (reserve cop).
Cops as a whole tend to not be the best shots. I worked in a gun shop and compete every month. There’s only two cops I’ve shot with at the local events that were any good. But those were the guys who started shooting at 8 years old. The others were about as mediocre as they get.
Plus, shooting is a young man's game. Clear eyesight and steady hands. I know for a fact I couldn't pull down the scores I got in my twenties because my vision is fading and my muscle tone is harder to maintain.
Well damn tho you can be the worst marksman on earth and still be responsible enough to not discharge your weapon in a classroom full of kids.
Remember this when someone says "accident rate makes an armed society more dangerous than a low violent crime society where most people don't have/carry guns".
Yep. I'm pretty sure being around a gun increases your chances of getting shot.
Imagine how many stories of this type when all those "highly trained", armed "protectors" are ubiquitous in schools...
I find it interesting that the military takes the approach to (generally) not allow weapons to be carried on base. The MPs and other authorized individuals (drill sergeants, for example, are sometimes authorized) regularly carry. Other than that, weapons are locked up. Why? Despite being full of "good guys" and trained professionals, they realize that thousands of people walking around armed will probably result in a significant increase of preventable injuries on base.
This would have never happened if the gun had a gun.
If the ceiling had a gun he never could have shot it.
Is almost as if adding guns to someone's job that has nothing to do with guns is a terrible idea.
Thoughts and Prayers for this NRA talking point.
This accidental negligent argument is fucking stupid and just a distraction. The fact is that if no gun was in the classroom then 3 kids wouldn’t have been injured. We can argue worthless semantics forever, but it’s an objective fact that if there was no gun present then nobody would’ve been hurt.
In case you were not aware, this is the THIRD time a teacher has fired a gun inside a school since Trump suggested the idea. The fact that none of these bullets killed students was dumb luck.
It's almost as though more guns leads to more injuries and deaths through a mixture of accidental and intentional shootings.
Alright enough is enough. When are we, as a society, going to step up and finally do the RIGHT THING and arm these students???
I don't think people understand how common accidental discharges are... And gun owners hate to admit that even the most well-trained person can fuck up on occasion. We don't hear these stories because they're so goddamn common.
That's what's so interesting about the rhetoric of "responsible gun owners". Gun folks will say, "Well, they're not one of the responsible ones," but you can only say someone's not responsible after the fact.
Wow it's almost as if guns are dangerous.
Go read the commentary of the story on fox and all you see are "stupid libs shouldn't own guns ... Or teach" geez the ignorance
the teacher was preparing to use the gun to show how to disarm someone.
No one should be discharging a gun in my child's classroom, intentionally or unintentionally.
Well the only sensible response is to arm the students.
This. Mutually Assured Destruction is the only option. Teachers, coaches, administrators, janitors, students, and the classroom pet hamsters should all be armed to the teeth. The rich kids will probably start wearing body armor, which is just responsible parenting.
I thoroughly enjoy owning my guns, but teachers shouldn't need them in a school. There is too much going on in a school to begin with, we shouldn't add another destructive factor. What is needed is better enforcement of laws and objective use of data, not just cherry picking to show your like minded acquaintances, to determine the proper course in determining new legislature. Focus on things that matter in the big picture, not the things that get you riled up because that is exactly what people who have an agenda want from you, they do not want to actually help our society progress they just want to use your emotions as a tool to further themselves into political spotlights.
Only a fully armed and trained classroom pet could have prevented that. I vote for shell mounted bazookas for Mr turtle!
If every classroom had a Blastoise, the world would be a safer place, tbh.
Oh yeah your so screwed over by trying to dump your problems on everyone else by skipping insurance.
It's definitely not required. You can just not buy it and pay a fine. Or you can be poor, and not able to afford it in states that didn't expand Medicare. You can buy a qualifying plan that is much cheaper that doesn't cap out-of-pocket expenses. There are a lot of ways to get screwed.
You realize that corporations view taxes as a cost of business and pass it on to consumers right? This isn't to say we shouldn't tax corporations, but most of that burden doesn't hit the people who own the corporations. It hits consumers. If you want to tax wealth, you need to go after the bullshit 20% tax on long term investment returns.
Except in the Middle East oligarchs get away with rape and murder constantly...
I attribute the vast majority of my progress to the coaching I got and being consistent for the first time ever.
That $40 is really going to hurt Amazon's bottom line.
But the guy you're arguing with says it does... WHO TO BELIEVE???
"This guy is a garbage human being."
I wouldn't mind seeing him leave on a stretcher.
It seems more raw to me. There's no editor for reddit. There's interaction. There's grammar errors, come backs and misunderstandings, all there for use to remember.
You and me both buddy. Be the change you want to see I guess.
I would like to subscribe to crow facts please.
That's ... a terrible idea. You can have single payer force the prices down but you can't change the fact that R&D is expensive.
Hey thanks for posting this. I noticed the same thing, made some posts about it, never really got traction. It's clearly a russian troll farm trying to sew division among progressives and middle of the road liberals. The more posts like yours, the less power they ultimately wield because it's super-super obvious once you realize what's going on.
White Christian Nationalism is a thing.
literally the best defense I've heard
libertarians dude
This is White Christian Nationalism and is every bit as virulent and destructive as its non Christian variety.
We've been at that point for over a year now.
Well that is certainly suggestive that perhaps he owes them for services rendered.
I really don't buy this argument. Labs are working on cancer cures right now as I type this. The potential benefits are astronomically large. Riches beyond the dreams of avarice. And that's not even considering the huge advantage you suddenly have when you've cured a disease that your competition has been relying on treating.
I think we would have better outcomes if our medical industry was less focused on developing products that can be protected by IP law to ensure profits.
That doesn't mean recovering costs and achieving a profit should be a primary goal
BTK – an enzyme that sits downstream of the B-cell receptor, and was targeted by Celera because of its putative role in autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis
In this case it was not.
/r/politics is the subreddit for current and explicitly political U.S. news.
As a reminder, this subreddit is for civil discussion.
Reality is just mocking The Onion now.
Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Chairman Ajit Pai received the National Rifle Association's (NRA) “Charlton Heston Courage Under Fire Award”...
Courage Under Fire Award
Courage Under Fire Award
The political correctness is bullshit. the same group of people that will tell you you are going to hell for this or that, is awfully upset they can't go around using the N word anymore.
They are also the people who are constantly getting offended by protestors and people spouting views they don't believe in.
While cowardly teenagers were dodging bullets, Ajit Pai bravely allowed cell phone companies to charge their parents extra to watch their kids' final moments on YouTube.
Yeah, giving that award to some corporate shill who probably has never worked a day in his life, right after kids had to literally dodge bullets isn't too tactful
Republicans seem to be playing some metagame where you get points by how many horrible/ridiculous things you can do while holding public office.
It's more that the GOP is mocking America now. The point of this award is liberal tears. I really think they're doing this to fuck with us at this point.
Oh, totally. There's no other reason.
If you don't follow them on Twitter or check in regularly, they've been getting raw.
You can't make this shit up.
It’s funny the award is called “Charlton Heston Courage Under Fire Award.” The NRA is condemning those who were actually under fire in a school shooting and praising this douchebag.
Didn't you hear? The guy with the gun actually stayed away during the school shooting...
Saving this to use in arguments later against loonies claiming that placing armed guards in schools will magically fix the problem.
Their argument is currently "if the teachers were armed, that wouldn't have happened."
Because when you have a hammer everything looks like a nail.
They could rename it to "Taking Shit For Being a Huge Asshole Award" and it would mean the same thing. Apparently Mike Pence and Sheriff David Clarke also got the award so it fits. I expect racist Sheriff Arpaio to get the award next.
/r/nottheonion
He has received countless death threats. His property has been invaded by the George Soros crowd
This is a part of a massive stress test of the United States and Western democracies in general.
Francis Fukayama's book End of History and the Last Man was a big deal when it came out in 1992. The premise was that history was over, Liberal Democracies had won and essentially the nation state struggle would fizzle out as we all just drift away in to liberal democracy bliss.










Meanwhile NRA members send death threats to teenage school shooting survivors.
Or the parents of dead ones. I think those parents should name and shame the people threatening them. Give the fuckers a taste of their own medicine.
Since the Koch brothers actually do manipulate the Republicans they just assume there is some billionaire that does the same thing to Democrats.
Recent parents getting death threats for their CHILDREN WHO SAW THEIR FRIENDS MURDERED having an opinion.
Do you ever wonder how bonkers this must feel for poor George Soros? He's one of the nicest rich dudes who ever lived: Worth $8bil but has donated more than double that to charity in his lifetime, survived the Nazi invasion of Hungary as a jew, watched his mother dying of terminal illness and offered to help her in her personal quest for legal suicide (NOT AN EASY THING OMG), has spent so much time and energy pushing for drug policy reform in America and a billion times more energy and money trying to help impoverished and sick people in Africa. He doesn't seem like a bad person involved in anything naughty, and he donates a few million here and there to liberal political campaigns (including Hillary's) but doesn't seem AT ALL involved in any of this bogeyman bullshit the alt-right ties him to.
It is another case of the right projecting. The Koch brothers are their puppet masters.
This is exactly it
I would go even further. In a neoliberal state most of the important issues are settled by the market (=ie. capitalists) anyway, so over time much of the population becomes cynical towards politics in general. Politicians come and go promising them better livelihoods and future prospects, only for unemployment, income gap and debt invariably to rise as if by natural law.
They only vote for their own personal enrichment and desires, so they don't even CONSIDER that others are any different
a really shitty acid trip, just try to enjoy it
hahahahahelp
I’ve been a raging liberal since I was a teenager. Nearly 2 decades. I couldn’t tell you a thing about George Soros other than he appears to be some sort of Conservative boogeyman, and that he’s rich. I’m assuming he’s an investor?
He has donated to some liberal causes. Because that is the same way they describe the Koch bros holding the entire GOP as a marionette, they think it's the same thing. To hear a 'conservative' point of view, the Koch bros have merely donated to some conservative causes.
Conservatives probably tried a dozen-or-so different names and eventually figured out that their idiot followers could only remember 'Soros', i.e. George Soros is now a cartoon supervillain who rules the entire Left.
I believe we are living in a simulation run by an angry teen in a basement somewhere, sometime in the future. It's the only thing that gets me by anymore so I just keep telling myself that.
Remember when you got tired of your SimCity running too smoothly, so you'd start pressing the disaster button til you had a tornado next to a kaiju, all while your screen shook due to a earthquake?



crazy conspiracy theories
What are you talking about? I was hired by George Soros personally to spread liberal bias online. So far I've made billions.
I'm still waiting on my checks. Is there a secret Liberal Deep State HR department I can talk to? I'd really like to cash in on that before the swamp is drained.
They mean Jews. They just don’t want to come out and say “Jews”
Check the whitehouse petitions. There is one that says George Soros is a terrorist and his assets should be seized. Can't make that shit up
as long as we are talking about stuff that is not the onion i would like to share this video
This guy is the poster child for why inheritance taxes are necessary and should be even higher.
bully y aren't you respecting his dream to make shirts that can be worn in the boardroom OR on a yacht
Don't forget the discoteca
that money shirt can be worn in Hawaii - on a yacht or hell a board room... it says "i have enough money that you wont say anything about my shirt look"
As a normal person, I've always needed a shirt that I can wear both in the boardroom and on my yacht. This is very bold.
https://imgur.com/sCOlQDC
And Fuck Ajit Pai
James O'Keefe was given a journalism award by Clarence Thomas' wife at Trump's hotel in DC. He was slated to speak on a panel at this year's CPAC until the panel got pulled after outrage that The Gateway Pundit's founder published the first article about 'crisis actors'.
Futurama did it!
He received death threats over an Internet law people didn't like so a gun rights group gave him award? Jesus this country makes less sense to me every day.
Meanwhile, nra members are turning around and sending death threats to high school kids who experienced a school shooting. Seems a bit ironic...
I play online video games, and get death threats constantly as a result, so I guess I qualify for this sort of "award," too.
I have gotten death threats for being LGBT, do I get an award?
/NRA hangs up the phone
Given their recent moves since trump it feels like the NRA is really trying to be more of a propaganda outlet than a gun rights group. It really feels like the whole thing about russian cash being pumped into the NRA has more credence than we think.
At this point it seems like the NRA is just clinging to death. Seems to be a trend in the last year or so for anything related to republicans.
Jesus Christ, they've all gone fucking insane.
Republicans have BEEN insane for a long time. They just no longer try to hide it.
They would yell that Obama is a terrorist in 2008 at McCain events
I wouldn't give it too much attention. All they're trying to do is trigger the liberals.
To what end? Hating them more? Voting harder?
Just deepen and widen the divide between United States citizens. That's it.
"Ajit Pai is the most courageous, heroic person that I know,” said Dan Schneider, the executive director of the American Conservative Union, while introducing the FCC chairman.
"Ajit Pai is the most courageous, heroic person that I know
Indeed. Apparently the speaker knows literally no one else.
Or stay in your house, turn on your TV and watch anything other than Fox News.
Wait, so what does that make Trump, the bigliest, most courageous and heroic person to have ever graced this, or any celestial planet!?
Trump is basically Lord Business from the Lego the Movie game. Pai is in there somewhere too.
You know, there is a Lego Movie, that the game is based on. It's called the Lego Movie...
Last year they awarded it to Apple for removing the headphone jack.
"Unlike those phony crisis actor children that survived a mass shooting" -Dan Schneider probably
it almost sounds like some fake news that some Russian funded Macedonians would write lol.
Wait, is that the same Dan Schneider that molests teenage actresses?
No, but if it was I think a rift in the universe would have opened up and swallowed us whole.
I'm surprised he could even say all that with Pai's dick in his mouth
The dude that wouldn’t go to CES after his repeal because he knew he’d get the tomato treatment?
What about this guy?
What? For fuck's sake what courage?
Destroying freedom with a smile on his face.
The courage to rape and pillage the poor while cheerfully claiming it's for the best.
"...while cheerfully claiming it's for the best cashing a check."
Taking corporate money to destroy freedom and standing his ground on the position with a smile on his face.
Not to mention subjecting his family to "abuse".
I wonder why the national russian association has anything to do with internet protocols
Being able drink out of a cartoonishly large coffee cup while simultaneously sucking every telecom CEO's cock
Hmm, this makes me wonder what is actually in said coffee cup.
"Get yourself ready for some boogers and cum"
You can survive on that
To be fair, doing the Harlem shake in 2017 took a lot of courage. Or disconnectedness.
doing what he was told to do when given the job despite the entire country hating him for it. he had the courage to sell his soul for cash. the NRA values that sort of mindset.
Having the courage to protect his employer's rights to oppress Americans citizens.
Fucks of a feather flock together.
To walk around with that stupid fucking face all the time takes courage.
Young conservatives, this is your party.
They don’t care as long as it triggers the libs
You're not wrong. I haven't met a College Republican whose main focus wasn't being an asshole to liberals. Hence they invite douchebags like Milo not because they have some bold idea to contribute but just because it gets liberals angry.
That’s how my brother in law thinks. Every single issue we ever talk about it just met with alt-right talking points and something about how liberals are just angry we keep “losing.” It’s not even worth talking to him at this point.
It’s really fuckin wild. I don’t know why I still bother but I engaged a Trump guy online who was posting about Hillary selling uranium to Russia. I was respectful, asked him questions so he could explain his understanding of the situation, then laid out all the facts and myths about this uranium deal with sources and everything. Did the guy stop and say “intersting, I guess the facts don’t support the narrative I’ve been told and it’s something to think about”? No, he ignored every point he couldn’t argue, attacked points he thought he still had an argument about, and ended it with something about how Hillary got away with criminal shit while liberals are just attacking Trump because they’re mad they lost. There is nothing to be done about these people, they can’t be brought back into reality and can’t meet in the middle, they are so far gone the only way forward is to truly forget them like they’ve been saying.
Yeah we were right all along. We should have just forgotten them
I like to just casually walk away from people when discussion devolves to this point. 9/10 times they just keep talking to themselves. Completely disconnected from reality. Be sure to smile and nod as you make an exit.
My SO owns a restaurant/bar with his brother and they’ve literally had to ban late night political discussions because it oftentimes leads to a Trump supporter getting belligerent and/or violent. I WISH I was kidding.
My brother in law has a similar perspective. When we're together in person, I make it a point to make him look stupid the moment he starts trying to bring up politics by grilling him on the narrative he's pushing for specific facts and then immediately contradicting him with well-verified sources. He's started to learn that he can't just say alt-right bullshit without being called out for what it is- lies.
At Washington State the young republicans got all pissy because no one wanted their stupid Trump wall on campus...
Thank god they are just a loud obnoxious minority.
Hey now let's not fling names. You know how conservatives feel about minorities.......and women.....and shooting victims......and science.........and Jesus's teachings.....
"I like your Christ, but I do not like your Christians for they are so unlike your Christ." - Dalai Lama
Take dat libruhls!
I'm a young conservative.
It's the sad truth that there is no party for actual conservatism anymore. What the GOP peddles these days is incredibly radical and much further from conservatism than the DNC.
The real truth is the Democratic Party is the party of actual conservatism. There's no real liberal party these days, the DNC is supposed to cover center-left all the way through center-right, while the RNC covers the far right, and no one covers the far left. In practice, the DNC ends up being a slightly-right-of-center party which only looks like they're left-wing because the RNC is so ridiculously far right.
You're describing what's known as the Overton window. And you're absolutely correct.
What about this shocks you? Serious question.
Season Two appears to be going a little over the top.
They always do...try to catch lightning in a bottle twice and just end up doubling down on drama. Oh well. Maybe it'll be cancelked soon.
As soon as we hear from the Mueller rating agency
I don't know I think at this point not even the writers know how the fuck they're gonna wrap this shit up. The Mueller subplot is getting a lot more interesting though.
I feel like I'm watching a show that's just about shark jumping.
"Shark Jumpers" - Coming this fall to the History Channel!
I can't help but laugh at how fucking ridiculous this is. What the fuck is going on in this country? We're a parody of ourselves at this point.
Its probably the final season of "America" and the writers & directors are just going all out
this must be one of those writer strike episodes...
I literally thought this was a Subreddit Simulator post until I clicked into the comments. Jesus Christ.
It's Reality Simulator utilizing 666 PB of 5TUP1D-RAM on the Universal M3G4-3V1L PC
It's Vista. We're going to die.
What is this, a crossover episode?
Wow. This isn’t an onion article. This administration must have put them out of business.
How do you even write satire when reality is just as unbelievable.
Donald Trump slams Putin over election interference.
Woah... did you just invent positive satire?
I don't think it even falls under satire at that point, satire is supposed to have shades of realism in it. None of those are realistic.
This was my thought as well. Just write stories about what would happen if competent people were in charge. Show people what could be happening.
What did ajit pai do that has anything to do with the NRA?
NRA is financed by Russia.
You would think that maybe they would not want to highlight that.
As Mueller edges closer to Trump, we're edging closer to "We colluded with Russia to HELP America!"
"We did what we had to do to keep Hillary out of the White House."
I've heard people saying this for months.
The NRA uses gun rights as a front to push a general crypto-fascist agenda. They don't actually care about guns, they care about fascism.
Right. What does this legitimately have to do with rifles and gun rights? Like...what's the fake tie-in? Or are we past veiling things anymore?
If you're baffled by how this could happen, and can't see the link between Ajit Pai and the NRA...
This makes more sense.
I see Ajit has been using his Reese's cup to sip up Putin's bullshit.
Yep. Alexander Torsin is a lifelong NRA member, a Russian central baking oligarch, and under FBI investigation for laundering money through the NRA into Trump's campaign. Ajit Pai is a clown who didn't do anything about the hundreds of thousands of anti-net neutrality sign ups coming out of Russia.
He's in good company...


That is quite the rogues gallery
”Ajit Pai is the most courageous, heroic person that I know,” said Dan Schneider, the executive director of the American Conservative Union, while introducing the FCC chairman. “He has received countless death threats. His property has been invaded by the George Soros crowd. He has a family, and his family has been abused in different ways. Chairman Pai, thank you for everything you’ve done."
Meanwhile teachers are jumping in front of students being shot at while good guys with guns hide outside. Those cowards! /s
Did you see the NRA ad condemning all the "they" people that don't like the president/sexism/racism, and encouraging people to join the NRA and fight "them" with a "clenched fist"?
The most hated organization in America honors the most hated man in America for bravely doing what no American wanted him to do.
OK Rod Serling, I've learned my lesson, I don't want to live in the twilight zone anymore. Send help!
In other words, the NRA just admitted the Internet, has made them lose the battle of the minds.
With Trump going after "violent video games" and the NRA hitching their horse to Ajit Pai you'd think the right was on a quest to lose the hearts and minds of the younger, more internet-savvy part of their base. Totally fine with me... but super weird strategy they've got going.
The 35% are destroying the GOP as even a remotely plausible alternative to democrats, for an entire generation -- if not forever.
If elections are outside of their range of possible moves to stay in power, things may just get even uglier.
See gorusch, it's why they are willing to dismantle everything now as a fuck you on their way out.
I can't believe it. My loathing for Pai and the NRA has reached an even deeper level. I didn't really think it was possible.
Did an algorithm designed solely to destroy hope in humanity write this headline?
Give awards to those who can control and shape the narrative.....
So it's OK that Pai got rid of net neutrality and now data isn't treated equally, but the NRA is upset that guns might not be used by anyone equally anymore?
Okay. Seriously. Are all the assholes now just teaming up for the hell of it or something? Because I can't even imagine how these two entities are connected.
Russia. See the post above with all the links.
Pai gets death threats after starting to destroy one of the greatest inventions in the history of humanity- Republican response: "strong and courageous!"
Please tell me that's a joke.
I have bad news for you my lord.
Next time a redneck takes a break from humping an AR15 to tell me "Obama bought a Nobel Peace Prize" I'll direct them towards this.
How. What?
Tells you everything you need to know about the NRA.
They're so busy jerking each other off in circle that they do not see their world is crumbling.
As a firearm owner and firm supporter of the 2nd amendment I just have to ask: who the fuck is running the NRA?!?! They're in the midst of a full scale crisis, brands disassociating themselves from the NRA by the hour and now they go and give an award to, quite possibly, the only corrupt piece of shit more hated on the internet than Donald Trump. Brilliant move guys. I look forward to next week when the NRA announces Martin Shkreli is their new Treasurer.
What the fuck does the FCC have anything to do with guns?
Or is this just another right wing circlejerk?
He’s young, he’s a fighter, he’s, you know, diverse, maybe we should make him our new leader.
You know the guy made air quotes while saying "diverse."
What in the... oh fuck it I'm not even gonna try. We're so screwed.
This is just straight-up trolling. As if we needed more proof that the Russians are running the NRA.
Do the NRA's interests align with eliminating net neutrality? I'm a bit confused here.
Since NRA is funded by Russia, wouldn't this be the equivalent of them handing him the award for courage?
Scott Pruitt could have one too, if he were brave enough to fly Coach.
QuotesPorn is a subreddit dedicated to insightful quotes imposed on SFWPorn worthy images. QuotesPorn distinguishes itself as a place for artful or otherwise well-composed images; comics, memes, macros, and other low-effort content are not allowed.
The next bit is pretty powerful in my opinion:
From farewell address (excerpt)
Really is worth a listen, and just in case background is needed into why he's uniquely worth listening to on the subject.
If you go to his Presidential library in Abilene, Kansas, you can see the script from that speech on display:
We haven’t fallen far. I would say the majority of mankind is millions of miles ahead of where we were 100 years ago.
The problem is the geriatric imbecile old fucks in government who are holding us back.
Bc its not the government. They are the symptoms, not the disease. They are just the paid staff of the donor class who are the sick and diseased core of humanity who control everything through donations and control of the right wing propaganda machine (Fox and Sinclair) for sole benefit of their bank accounts.
At the heart of these issues is partisan hate. Look at your own message; last time we bombed Syria it was the right wing propaganda machine that decried Obama's actions and the left wing that praised them. Now the tables have turned (although awkwardly for the left wing, since they were hawking for war as they expected Trump to defer in the days before the attacks) and you, someone who believes they see past these mists of elite propaganda, fall into the same traps of hatred, rambling in the dark at a the right hand of a boogieman who coddles you with his left.
I said something similar to someone who was #resistance talking about Trump bombing Syria because of Mueller. When I highlighted the fact that the Democrats also supported this week’s bombing of Syria and that both parties are now corrupt and pro war I was accused of being a Trump supporter.
Bombing poor brown people is the perfect opurtunity to prove ones loyalty to the party by supporting thier politicians.
So basically modern day politics? I am honestly surprised at the amount of posting in subs where "X" did "Y" and "Y" did "X". It doesn't matter what they did, you are still going to complain about it. Although I am not a fan of Trump, chemical weapons on your own citizens is barbaric. 3 countries stepped up to the plate, it wasn't just US. International Relations is such a complex issue but I tend to think that murdering your own population with chemical weapons should be the line that is drawn and those with the capabilities should step in and help, we are a globalized world after all, we look out for one another. Murder on that scale is dehumanizing, ends to a means.
The fact you’re 100% sure that Assad carried out the attack based on some tweets from a partisan NGO with jihadist links and no actual evidence given speaks volumes. The OPCW investigation was scheduled to begin today. They were given full access to the area. Why bomb before that? The narrative that the US cares about humanitarianism when they are responsible for approx. 4 million deaths in the last 2-3 decades is so obviously false.
I was pretty sure the UN agreed that the attack was real and carried out by Assad? At least that is what I read. 3 countries unifying like this over an issue of sovereignty seems a bit serious.
Very well put. Thank you.
and the left wing that praised them.
I'd push back a bit and submit that greed is non partisan.
Imagine thinking Fox News and Sinclair control the government.
Nah I'd say it's pretty equal on both sides. Both news companies have a LOT of sway. And they use that power to pit us against each other. MSNBC is more based in reality, though. Fox on the other hand talks about how the deep state is out to get trump, despite the fact that he is the most corrupt, pro-corporation, pro military industrial complex candidate we've had in a long time. They need to explain to me why the deep state would want to go after someone like that.
You don't think that Sean Hannity has Trump's ear? I'm trying to find the article where they compared the vocabulary of the two and coming up short.
No old fuck took part of Facebook development. The business model is to quote the founding executive "based on conflict". So who is controlling who?
Whom?
This is true. We have the president we have because there are a lot of people who support him.
It is important to not dismiss the present; in doing so we only rob from the future.
What is "better policy"? Most demands young people make are GoodFeels that would be horrible policy.
It's interesting you say the problem is with old people, yet we purposefully put age requirements for positions like the presidency because we know that with age comes wisdom. Maybe it's not the hundreds of elected officials. Maybe it's the fact that you haven't been around long enough to develop the wisdom to see a bigger picture
We have advance in so many ways technologically but we remain stuck in social relations that are antagonistic. Master/slaver, Lord/Serf, Owner/Worker.
You're so full of yourself. Humility will be the only thing that can help you reach across the aisle and actually accomplish something.
Yes!
They weren't always imbecilic senile fucks. And you won't always be young and idealistic.
right, back in Eisenhower's day(1961) military spending was 9% of GDP and 52% of our federal budget, today it has skyrocketed to 3% of GDP and 14% of our federal budget, with less than 5% of our federal budget for weapons procurement from defense contractors
[deleted]
He approved PBSUCCESS which led to decades of slaughter in Guatemala, and paved the way for a half century of killing and US intervention in Latin America and the Middle East. He was as big a part of MIC as any before and after him.
[deleted]
In many ways it comes with the position
[deleted]
That's General dirty socialist to you. And polish those bootstraps before you pull them up, maggot.
Ike was a military man but he understood the role of the army and military industrial complex during peacetime.
Yeah...but he helped create it, then regretted it.
The greatest General of World War II was not a fan of War. He built a machine and it ran out of control. That terrified him. Like dr. Frankenstein or those poor bastards on the Manhattan Project
Ulysses Grant hated war as well. It's almost as if those who approach war with a suitable measure of solemnity and distaste are the ones best qualified to wage it.
Same thing with Robert E. Lee.
Yep it’s only the Yahoo bone spur types who are all gung ho to go to war
Balance
Of all the vitriol I've seen slung around reddit in the past 24 hours the fact that I came to your comment when it was negative hurts the most. We are so damn polarized now that apparently saying balance is controversial.
The country has become exceptionally polarized. It is the fault of the people because they’re lazy and don’t educate themselves on facts based on multiple source research. No critical thinking or tolerance allowed in today’s world.
FissionMagician would also be funny in another context.
[deleted]
"oh hey where do you get your info from about syria & flint?"
Syria is already about pipes. Much bigger pipes. And they don't carry water.
Those pipes are ones Russia doesn't want. Russia supplies Europe with a lot of pipelines, many through Ukraine. Saudi Arabia and other gulf nations supplying via a pipeline through Syria has a huge affect on Russia's ability to influence Europe. It's hard to deny the influence of winter heating.
The sooner we get renewables, smart grids and storage online, the better. Geopolitics over energy has kept an entire region of the world in perpetual instability, due to USSR/Russia and US/Europe meddling.
It's not that simple.
Do they carry happiness and love?
Not for the Syrians.
Putin Troll Propaganda
Flint got the money to fix the pipes and are fixing it. The water is safe in most homes now
I think you're missing the larger point.
And we have enough money that we could fix all of our domestic problems and still have the best military in the world many times over.
The department of Defense is the largest jobs program in the US. Half my street is people employed by a DoD contractor. About a million people work directly for the Department of Defense with an average salary of over $80k a year. That isn't counting all of the contractors who also work high paying jobs.
You're just repeating the broken window fallacy. Paying people to break windows (build advanced killing machines) doesn't benefit the economy.
The force projection our massive military is capable of keeps many places in the world at peace. Conflict and instability are bad for the global economy. The US is pretty much the de facto world police. Would you consider law enforcement analogous to the broken window fallacy?
There’s an argument to be made that we spend too much on military. However, there is no argument to be made that we shouldn’t spend enough to maintain peace and stability.
One thing to note is the context in which Eisenhower made his farewell address. He gave his address during the ramping up of the cold war where we were trying to outspend the USSR. At the time we were spending somewhere close to 10% of our GDP on defense spending. Today's spending is closer to 4%. Defense spending has been trending down for the last however many decades and, in recent times, there has been large push back from the DOD because they have been underfunded while the scope of their mission has not been reduced.
This is true, military spending has fallen from 52% of the budget when Eisenhower made that statement, to 14% today
It isn't obvious that the Pax Americana is the only stable geopolitical configuration, let alone an optimal one (from a strictly utilitarian perspective).
That's a reasonable counter point.
alright pitch your other stable geopolitical configuration
This is just typical American exceptionalism. You know the rest of the world sees you as meddlers, not benevolent saviours right?
The US protects the waters in which trade and commerce occurs. Our global presence is necessary for security and the economy. No nation can effectively trade while being raided by pirates in unprotected waters.
Did you miss the part where I said "this is typical American exceptionalism" and then decide to double down on it?
You have been banned from r/MURICA
You could put that budget into other jobs programs that are about building rather than destroying. Imagine NASA with a tenth of DoD’s budget. Imagine public transit. Healthcare. Green power. Science and technology research for society’s sake, not for the destruction of societies.
"Because it gives people money" is not an excuse. So does crime.
That’s IF we had practical leadership.
I remember when I was a naive idealist.
You don't think we have an unnecessarily excessive military budget? You don't think it's possible to still have a military that's by far the greatest fighting force in the planet, while still providing for our people at home?
The US military is organized on the old English war model. The government created an industry around ships and the money was used to support government programs. The US did not invent this model. If the model is removed another is put in it's place. You want to put food on peoples table, create jobs. Small towns across the US support the military making clothes, gloves water bottles etc... The military is a social service organization. Who can afford to buy a 10,000 solar panel system to power their house? That model is not sustainable. Debt is at what, 20 trillion? Whats your model look like?
But they're not drinking it. Why?
We arnt talking about the state and nestle but flint. You can buy a test kit and test your water, but it isn't like they said there wasn't lead in the water to my knowledge.
Oh shit, problem solved then! There couldn't possibly be other things that are more important than death in America! /s
What you mean is they have just started replacing them. They will be done by 2019. So for another year they have no clean water.
I, too, saw the twitter meme.
Well hey that’s good news because in his first budget Trump designated $100M for flint so they should have more than enough by those estimates.
You should go look up how governmental spending works and the differences between federal state and local spending
I’ve read estimates that last night’s attack cost $200M+
Waste, but it feeds me and my kids too. Hard machine for me to reconcile.
more than 350 million dollars has been spent replacing flints pipes, whoever told you that estimate was not smart
Why do people always bring up flint, they already have recievied the money, it takes time to plan and competely dig up and rebuild its water system
You realize all of those missiles were already built and paid for long ago right? It’s not like they just suddenly threw 15 million at it. And you can’t use flints clean water to respond to crimes against humanity.
Some years back, I quoted this in a forum, asking a chickenhawk type to guess who said it. His response? "I don't know, man. I'm just glad people like that weren't in charge during WWII, or we'd be speaking German today."
Eisenhower wasnt in charge at that time thougb. He was in the position that prioritized military spending and action.
Yeah, but WWII, by that point, was absolutely necessary. He is giving advice going forward that we should be conscious of these things when creating war.
He wasn't in charge even though he was a 5 star General?
Nope. George Marshall held the top job of Chief of Staff until November 1945. Eisenhower was Supreme Commander Allied Expeditionary Forces Europe until he was appointed Chief of Staff in November 1945.
Martial Marshal Marshall
What do you mean nope? The "Supreme Commander Allied Expeditionary Forces Europe" is still in charge of a lot of shit. I don't think either me or HollywoodCote meant "literally in charge of everyone and everything."
It was Marshall's dream to lead the invasion of Europe but Roosevelt would not let him go. Marshall was just too competent at logistics and the political sphere for Roosevelt to release him.
He was in a different position that prioritized a different point of view than the one he took on during his presidency. Obviously the point of view being expressed wasn't the one he had during the war. At least, he may have privately held that view, but knew that for the purposes of winning the war a different one was needed.
I wouldn't say he changed his tune. America in peacetime and Europe during WWII are completely different situations.
He was Commander of the allies. He probably had more power than the president at the time.
It’s said he’s the only president who had a demotion when he entered the highest office.
Obviously the attack is to stop chemical attacks on civilians. Hardly a bad thing
Literally anything that Trump does, people here will criticize it. If he didn’t launch missiles, people would take it as evidence that he’s Russia’s puppet.
It amazes me that no one seemed to care about the civilians Obama was indiscriminately killing with drones and yet the second Trump launches an attack all of a sudden people care.
People DID care about that. It's literally the most criticised part of Obama's presidency
I think a lot of people are here are more concerned about escalating the situation into another war. Russia has made clear threats against this strike, and Russian military is all over Syria, risking collateral with dire consequences. There are terrible regimes like Assad's all over the world and we don't get involved, why would we get involved with this one? Our goal there is to stop the Islamic State, not play Middle East humanitarian watch dog.
A lot of people are making great money in arms-sales keeping this war going, their economy has tanked and turned into a war economy. I wouldn't be surprised if westerners are a big part of that economy.
To be honest the positions have turned because all the conservatives were crying about civilian casualtys when Obama was doing it and now they don't give a shit about it. And liberals did care about civilian casualtys back then to, we usually hold our side just as responsible as we do the conservative side. You just don't know we do because you all live in your own safe space bubble
It’s really more about the sheer hypocrisy. When Obama proposed the same thing, Trump vehemently spoke out against it for years. He ran on being “America First” and his base claimed Hillary would have started WWIII by doing exactly what Trump is doing now.
Yes he's a hypocrite but it doesn't mean military action shouldn't be taken or considered. We cannot just let regimes and dictators break international law because one of our leaders is a hypocrite.
Trump HIMSELF criticized this action years before when he warned Obama not to do it.
That's assuming he's receiving intelligent criticism.
If Obama listened to ALL the criticism he had received imagine what would've happened, then?
AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA - IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN & FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!
Probably because going from a citizen to a man with confidential information being given to him decided that the change in perspective was needed?
"Obviously the attack is to stop Iraq from building WMDs"
I understand your point but I believe we all saw the actual victims of the chemical attacks
Many times....over the last 30 years.
Nonsense. There's literally no difference between making up a nuclear weapons threat with a year long propganda campaign to start a 150,000 troop occupation and a country actually using chemical weapons on civilians with a response of bombing chemical weapons facilities.
Congratulations on evaporating away all nuance and detail in order to be conciliatory.
There was 100% a plan. This wasn't Trump just pressing a button impulsively, it was a joint strike between the US, the UK, and France - and probably coordinated by the generals, not by the executives of those countries.
This is a poor joke.
But we can question the motives though. The United States has stood by and watched genocides occur, slavery, torture, etc. Hell, the wealthy and powerful in the United States have been known to torture, murder, and knowingly inflict debilitating diseases and injuries. So why act with military force in this case and not those?
I generally agree with everything you’ve stated
To play the devil's advocate, the US military helps feed millions of service members and support staff, and send their children to school. It's also the greatest humanitarian force in the world. The US military has helped feed, clothe and educate millions of people in its history, and I'm not talking about people in the military. Also, half our modern technology comes from military research, so it's not like military research is "spending the genius of its scientists".
Though a similar economic gain could be had through lowering the taxes as a result of reduced spending. Alternatively that money could pay the salaries of construction workers building improved infrastructure to enable more economic growth. The money could be used to cover tuition or healthcare, paying teachers and doctors while enabling even further advancements. The money for R&D for military purposes could also go to R&D for civilian technology and achieve similar results.
This is a quote taken out of context to lead you to believe that Eisenhower is arguing exclusively against the Military Industrial Complex. The 1953 speech , that this quote came from, is Eisenhower explaining that the Soviet Union is dragging the world down one of two different roads. One possible road is atomic war. The other possible road is a cold war in which the United States would be forced to develop a Military Industrial Complex to keep the Soviet Union from dominating the globe. Eisenhower, on one hand, is lamenting that constant production of weaponry will use resources that we could've spent elsewhere and, on the other hand, is warning the Soviet Union that their policy of exporting their socialist revolution across the globe will result in either atomic or economic warfare.
This is the thread's best comment explaining how Ike is against short sighted thinking, and it's buried under the left-vs-right circlejerk... GG reddit.
Too bad the people in charge represent the interests of military contractors, not the average citizen.
War is a racket.
As much as the people in charge are to blame, so are we. We are complacent and complicit. If we vote and tell ourselves we have done enough, we are part of the problem.
They've done an amazing job at demonizing any attempt to fix things, as well as making us so comfortable that we're unwilling to risk what we have.
It would be better if we could not spend on military and instead invest in our people, sure. In the world we live in this is not a possibility.
The Pentagon says they need don't need anymore money. Increases in defense spending are political virtue signaling.
TIL Eisenhower was a very wise man. What a change in the U.S. presidents after corporate America started deciding who gets to be the president.
Spoken by a man who has experienced the ravages of war. The military industrial complex has won. We now live in a world full of weapons and threats. There could be a slow road to reform for the good of all nations with long term efforts, but with no common ground in Washington and international relations in turmoil, the future looks grim.
Where were the protests when Obama was killing tens of thousands of civilians? Or arming cartels? Or not closing Guantanamo?
I was right here yelling fuck the government!
People did.
Should we take some time, maybe see if we can find the top posts on reddit for these occasions?
You mean the ones that made it to front page for weeks calling him out for accepting the Nobel?
That’s pure whataboutism. First, Guantanamo has to be closed by congress as well as the president. People aren’t across the board mad at trump for firing missiles, it’s the military action without a comprehensive plan. If trump took twenty minutes to assure the world that we have a plan to follow up this attack people wouldn’t be as upset.
Mattis laid out the plan in his press conference last night, and the 3 star Marine Corps general restated it this morning. No more chemical weapons=No more strikes.
Every president has laid out the plan of the military. Every. Single. One. When Obama did the troop surge he didn’t just cart out the SoD.
You're delusional, Obama was criticized constantly. And, The Dump is tossing even more cash into the military even though the Pentagon didn't ask for it. Thanks for selling out our country.
People enjoy protesting wars when they don't like who is in charge. Bernie could have started another Vietnam and people would sign up to join.
What? People who protest wars vote for candidates who are against going into wars like Vietnam. Bernie was one of the few who opposed the Iraq war.
Like Obama? The problem is, nobody knows what intel these guys are seeing that the public never will.
I’m not criticizing the strike nor am I saying I’m happy with Obama staying in. While I’m disappointed we didn’t get more fully out of the Middle East, the difference is I trusted Obama to have read the intelligence and made decisions that, you’re right, I cannot be privy to. I even trusted Bush to have done that even if I question it now.
Obama even made it so that any male over the age of 12 would be classified as a combatant to deflate civilian kill counts. Can you imagine the reaction if Trump had done that? But no one cares because Barry O seems like a fun guy
He dropped a mic once, hes cool enough to drone strike whoever he wants!
Please stop posting anti-military industrial complex quotes from the man responsible for the military industrial complex.
Eisenhower wasn't anti-military industrial complex.
Actually America spends a lot more on health care and social services than any over country in the world. Our military spending is only about 3 percent of our GDP. Of course this is Reddit so facts doesn't matter.
Well maybe politicians should run on platforms to effectivize healthcare and education instead of increasing the military budget. Americans spend the most money on healthcare out of every nation in the world but get vastly worse coverage
And yet the quality of our healthcare and medical outcomes are laughable compared to other first world nations because people are afraid of going into debt and never see a doctor until their symptoms have progressed too far.
and only 14% of our federal budget
People think that the military is no longer the single most important resource this country possesses have not read their history. 99 percent of human history would give their right eye to have the best military in the world protecting their interests. Now that we have it, everyone thinks it's a waste of money. Glad that reddit is not running this country.
At what point does the return on investment stop paying off? I'd say quite a bit of our GDP ago.
George Orwell's take on war:https://www.google.com/amp/s/akamat.wordpress.com/2007/07/31/the-purpose-of-war-according-to-george-orwell-1984/amp/
But wasn’t it Eisenhower who started wars to establish banana republics?
No, that was Teddy Roosevelt.
Global anarchy and defense budgets are complicated. There's no point in building roads, schools and hospitals if you can't ensure their defense.
Good point. Simple perspective I haven’t seen.
Other comments have brought up a more comprehensive picture of the context of the quote that changes the tone and spirit of that quote quite a bit. However, even in that limited context the catch is that if you're already at war or have reason to expect to be then paying for one bomber to hit weapons manufacturing or munitions supply centers can cover it's cost in terms of schools and hospitals needing to be rebuilt by an order of magnitude.
Those weapons don't magically appear out of nowhere. The manufacturing of those things provide many, many people with a good paying job. Edit: A bomber may cost billions, but those billions that are spent goes towards peoples paycheck including the people who use those weapons, the members of the US military.
Sure, you get paychecks, but also a bomber. That's a one-time benefit. Unless you're in a constant state of war, you can't just produce heavy bombers indefinitely.
And all that talent and hard work could be applied to a cause that doesn’t prioritize murdering people efficiently.
We didn’t bomb an orphanage. We bombed sites that led to the construction of chemical weapons.
Yeah because thats the only job of the military. We just go around slaughtering babies.
Not to mention that there have been many things we use today that were invented during times of war
This post was specifically about missiles and weaponry. I'm pretty sure missiles only do one thing really well, and it isn't humanitarian.
We bombed chemical weapons sites... What the fuck is wrong with you.
And which UN weapons inspector verified that?
Yes, but it is not the most efficient way to employ people. Why spend billions of dollars employing people to build expensive military technology when we can employ them to repair the infrastructure throughout the U.S, like roads, bridges, etc.
Couldn't that be said to be a broken window fallacy though?
So if I buy a gun I'm stealing from poor people? It's not their money. It's not like I would buy them food were it not for the gun.
Our infrastructures are crumbling, our school system is failing teachers and students, kids can't afford college. People are literally dying because they can't afford healthcare. The wage gap is ever increasing leading to poverty for the working class, even those with specialized skills. This has happened in many other civilizations and it is in one was a natural cycle of humanity. When you have a structured society it's the powerful with all their resources that continue to grow and take more and more from those around them because they make the rules.
Hear, hear.
we live in a democratic society so we do have power
My god man when we declared war on Afghanistan and Iraq, we were practically all for it. Bush was at 90% approval levels. Statistically, its unlikely you were against those wars at the beginning. Look at yourself. We do have power and we live in a republic.
I don’t get how the commentary below the picture relates to the quote.
Like 2pac said, they got money for wars but can’t feed the poor
And this is precisely why we needed to coup Iran! And Guatemala! And Haiti!
Beware the congressional military industrial complex.
Said after a life of WAR and on the way out of the only office that could change it
He warned us against the military industrial complex.
He's right. All war is a net destruction of resources. The only thing that makes military spending justifiable is the potentially disastrous consequences of not spending that money.
He sounds like a great man. How did America come to this gentleman as a president to Donald Trump as a president.
Instead of air strikes on Assad maybe he should broker a deal with him to rid his chemical weapons.
We brokered a deal with the Russians to make sure Assad didn't use chemical weapons again under Obama.
Obama did. Remember the "red line" and obama blinked when that line was crossed?
I know my comment was sarcastic
Assad did. Getting rid chlorine gas would stop a bunch of other industrial activities.
Don't forget about tax cuts for billionaires
Sometimes these tools are necessary to save people though.

And teens are still too lazy to stand up for what they believe in...
I want to give you gold for this but I'm cheap
Maybe we could afford gold if we would stop eating so much avocado toast.
don't you dare talk shit about my toast you slut!
Pancakes are just fluffy toast
How do you make em slutty?
Melted butter, cinnamon, brown sugar, and a diabetic amount of syrup
Hold my pancreas.
No, trust me. You're gonna need it
eli5 avocado toast?
Check out this article: Millionaire tells millennials: if you want a house, stop buying avocado toast
New iPhone $10-30/month
Toast with avacado
You gotta smash the avo in tho
Well, you can have avocado toast with smashed avocado or sliced, it’s a preference thing. It’s all still avocado toast
Shit. I’ve been toasting my avocado’s.
Well, to each their own I guess. Do you also spread some mashed bread on top?
You should start a restaurant and sell food made completely backwards.
It was a thing started in Australia by rich people who were telling first home buyers how to afford a home. Then it became a joke because buying avocado toast while expensive (there is a shortage in Australia or something), will really not make much of a difference in terms of saving for a deposit. The meme then spread over seas.
Goddamn teens, ruining the reddit gold industry.
With their avocado toast
Only on Reddit would a topic about teens protesting gun violence after a devastating school shooting would the conversation take a turn towards an avocado toast fair pricing debate.
I don't think it's a debate. Everyone pretty much agrees they aren't fairly priced.
Is that... is that a thing
Avocado toast? yeah, it's toast with avocado on it.
Wtf did I just read? That was the most "rich guy" thing I've read all month at least. 22$ avocado toast? I'm an evil millenial who gets avocados for a dollar. That's a quarter per serving. ._.
$22 is cheap for avocado toast at a decent restaurant these days, especially on the east coast. The man has a point.
I'm from NYC and I would never even consider paying that for avocado toast, and I don't think any of my friends would either. I can believe those prices do exist, but I can't imagine anybody is actually buying that more than once in a while as a fancy treat. I doubt it's the same young people going in that kind of restaurant every day.
100% guarantee the people buying it are the same rich Boomer Republicans crying about young people wasting their money on it.
Avocado toast is quite literally the easiest dish to make at home. And it tastes DELICIOUS (especially with a little peach/mango salsa on top)
Peach and Mango!?! You coastal elites....
Try a balsamic reduction or if you’re lazy like me a little straight balsamic & honey
Mix some nutritional yeast (nooch) in with the avacado.
I get that you're going for hyperbole, but that's just untrue. Now granted I don't eat at super-fancy restaurants, but the most expensive avocado toast I have ever seen was $11, which was still outrageous compared to the average price I see (probably around $7).
I've been eating avocado on toast all my life. Thats what avocado toast is?
I needs mah toast.
Hey I'm 30 and allergic to avocado!
I only like Avacado in sushi, but if it helps kill shitty food chains like Applebee's I'm down.
what is dead may something something.



shut up, we all know you love your avocado toast! Cant hide it from us man!
I want to give gold, but I'm a millenial and spent all my money on avocado toast
That’s exactly what someone who does eat avocado toast would say!
Reddit is sad you didn't pay them, that user probably doesn't mind.
until they aren't, and then they are too young to understand the issues.
When a teen agrees with you: "Haha from the mouth of babes - sad it takes someone WHO CAN'T EVEN VOTE to tell Trump how it is huh?"
Fucking millennials, amirite? Too lazy to stand for anything
Millennials aren't teens anymore. We're old now.
Generation Z
This has to be the worst news site to exist.
Link has no content. Comments section has rich discussion of topic. Classic reddit.
People don't read the article anyway; so as long as we have a headline it's all good.
Well yeah, it's CNN. They're like the United Airlines of news companies.
CNN probably pays someone to make Trump headlines more than their web designers.
"FOR gun violence."
“What do we want?”
I said it in my head and now I’m stuck on giggle.
Try turning yourself off and then back on again, should fix the glitch.
Guns are quite useful for the off part. I don't have any suggestions for the back on again part, though.
Well, give them what they want!
Or they will get violent!
What they really really want?
It's like raising money for breast cancer awareness. Stop giving money to cancer, it is too powerful already.
I'm really don't know how to say this so ill just kinda blert it out.
I think it also comes down to either ban guns all out or don't. No one wants to find middle ground. Neither side wants to admit that going 100% one way is not going to fix anything, they just want things done their way so they can feel important.
A big thing is that the drug war has turned the police from 'protect and serve' to 'harvest the money.' When police departments have to fund themselves through fines and seizures, that of course becomes their top priority. So people who say "I need a gun for defense" are right because there is no trust in that 'second line' of the police to defend you.
I think it also comes down to either ban guns all out or don't. No one wants to find middle ground. Neither side wants to admit that going 100% one way is not going to fix anything, they just want things done their way.
but I think most the gun violence (not including suicide) comes from the war on drugs. It feels like beating a dead horse, but the violence won't stop until the war stops.
Dude literally the only thing people care about is mass shootings.
Goddamn teenagers ruining the "teenagers are lazy and don't care about anything" industry.
Idunno, they're still just lyin' around.
Well they can’t take a knee
until someone plays the anthem.
hopefully not fergie...
Jack Black has you covered.
Oh god the horror people taking knees, traitors!
Back in my day we used to have to march around holding 50lb protest signs, uphill.
both ways, in the snow.
over broken glass, and i ran, i ran so far away
Yeah, the government doesnt care, you arent bribing them enough
We need to make public shame a more valuable currency in the eyes of politicians!
You could try not voting them back in to office instead?
That requires too much common sense. We don’t believe stuff like that would actually work.
But it's really not just that. To make an informed decision about who you want in office, every person voting needs to spend a ton of time researching candidates, their views, their policies, their plans, and that takes a lot of time. It has to be done for local elections, national elections, and the presidency. People don't have time for that
Yelp for politicians. Somebody get on this shit.
Politicians will just buy favorable reviews.
Then don't make reviews just have an app with voting records and campaign contributions. No reviews to be bought.
We can call it something like "$-1-1" because it's the political equivalent of the "Yelp" sound
Even then it's not effective. Politicians have no duty to uphold their campaign promises. The only recourse is to vote them out during the next election cycle. Even then, you have to decide if the "other" candidate is better than the current. I would love to see changes in the political system that gives the people more power over their politicians, but that would require current politicians to enact, which will never happen.
I think many more people will make time for it. Use to know fuck all about politics and politicians. Use to not give a shit because I thought it was pointless. Now I'm obsessed with it and wish I would have majored in it.
It takes an hour for each election. All you do is google for their platform and read their Wikipedia article.
That won't tell how they voted on specific bills/laws/regulations and why (Riders and the such are some of these.). Someone can say they are for something but you can only be actually informed if you know the exact details. That takes a lot longer than an hour for each election.
Party loyalty being what it is, the (D) or (R) next to their name tells you it all in 95% of political issues.
I think we're long overdue for a third party.
No we are long overdue to get rid of the party system
Libertarian Party? Party research shows slightly more newcomers to the party are former democrats. I used to vote Republican. Now they make me want to barf.
First past the post.
But you see, it's totally not my guy that's the problem, it's everyone else's guy!
But you can't just vote against somebody. You need somebody else to vote for.
Or, you know, about 50% of the population disagrees with their means
That's because they're all being bribed to disagree! I used to be anti-gun until the NRA sent me a wad of cash in the mail in exchange for changing my views.
Where do I get my bribe? I've voted in support of guns. How much money have I missed out on?
A lot. You're supposed to vote in opposition to guns at which point the bribe money comes in the mail with a free NRA membership included which doesn't expire as long as you continue to vote in support of guns.
until the NRA sent me cash
What bribe? Show me a politician who was against the 2nd amendment and then changed their views when the NRA stepped in. They donate to campaigns of people who hold their views. Democrats do the same thing, just look at Planned Parenthood.
So what you are saying is that by shooting fetuses, we can bring Democrats and Republicans together.
More like the right for fetuses to bear arms.
Believe it or not, the NRA doesn't spend a huge amount of money on lobbying:
I bet Oracle supports gun control so folks who use their software don't shoot themselves.
Bullshit.
You only show donations for 2017.
FYI independent expenditures aren't the same as lobbying or campaign contributions (i.e. what you call donations).
You realize Michael Bloomberg has spent at least $50M pushing gun control? Thats 1 person. The NRA at least has millions of members.
Or maybe they care more about protecting constitutional rights (their purpose) than feelings (not their purpose).
Meanwhile, students alert local FBI offices in FL about a student who has posted his intentions to shoot up a school. The FBI does nothing and a month later 17 kids are dead.
A lot of people complain about things and then don't do anything about it. These kids are actually doing something and some of you people are still complaining about that. Props to these kids for actually doing something.
I know this will be controversial, but here goes: it is because public protests like this are the most visible but the least effective way to create public change. Change happens with extensive and organized 'ground game' - local pressure bubbling up to the national level. And there is nothing new about this - "all politics are ultimately local" has been true since roman times.



I think what marches do is help to solidify ideas as "important". They don't actually change anyone's mind, but they get people to come down off the fence and defend their side. So if your side has massive public support, a march is a good idea because it makes your issue something that will actually be campaigned for. If you're being laughed at or derided by the majority, though, you're just making things worse for yourself.
you're absolutely correct. the thing that bothers me most about all of the uproar about gun control is that people keep insisting that the federal government do something. what exactly are you expecting from a governing body that can't even balance a budget effectively? why not go to local county commission meetings, town supervisor meetings, talk to your mayor. if you want gun control, instead of forcing it on the entire nation (a significant portion of which doesn't want it), why not create gun control on the local level? it's more effective than thoughts and prayers and more than you'll ever get from a federal governing body.
They are spending their energy in the wrong place. Laws don’t stop murders. Murder is actually already banned and how is that working out?
Should have done it at a golf course.
Private property though.
There really isn’t much public space left
Actually there's a shitton, but in most of it you'd probably want to take a gun with you to protect yourself from wildlife. You'd probably be okay in a large protest group though. Also it's probably not the most efficient place to do a protest anyway. White House is probably better. Or Congress where they'd be the ones making any new laws/repealing any amendments.
A big majority of that public land is barren southwest desert
I know lol, I was just being an ass. Barren desert or Alaskan wilderness.
Damn this comment section reminds me of liveleak
The actual reason we don't have stronger gun control laws is because such laws are unpopular among people who actually vote
Also people who are pro-gun are pro-gun all the time, while those who are anti-gun have their passion on the topic fluctuate wildly based on the news cycle.
A big part of that is that the vast majority of statistical evidence supports gun ownership, not gun control.
It's easy to tell when you're talking with someone who has tuned out the data when they refuse to understand the difference between firing mechanisms, like the difference between semi-auto and fully automatic. It has the word auto in it, therefore it shoots bullets like a laser beam towards the nearest schoolbus!
Oh what a joy it is to see this perspective start to dominate.

Hello fellow alerted Redditors.
Oh hi
Hello der!
It’s about time to shut notifications off
Hi, guy!
With so much reaction I still have yet to see an idea that is constitutional that would have prevented this.
better mental health intervention with the kid. A general care about mental health from the government and our society in general.
Agreed, but the protest in the OP was an anti-gun one.
Having a competent FBI would have prevented the shooting.
Didn't they look into but couldnt come up with anything that they could do something about? I mean wasnt it a a tip about a teen saying stuff on the internet? What would they do, arrest every person that says awful stuff? Can you imagine the outrage? Or the backlog of everyone they would have to keep tabs on to make sure a person that says something doesn't act on it? Its unmaginbly awful what happened, but I'm not sure the FBI can be held accountable for it.
You’re right about the youtube comment incident but they later received a detailed and very serious tip which should have prevented this shooting had they followed proper protocol. The FBI has publicly apologized and taken responsibility.

I've brought this up in thread after thread. So many people are demanding that "something be done!" while ignoring the fact that most of their suggestions, if they even have any, are not possible because of the 2A.
Because they don't want something to be done, they want one specific thing to be done and nothing else.
"The police are gunning down innocent black people in the streets"
Serious question but exactly what regulations are people looking for the government to impose? Just a background check or..??? I could agree with a background check but even then bad people will still get their hands on guns. Look at drugs for an example, they’re illegal yet you can find them anywhere.
Most of the proposed changes ("require background checks!") are already the law. The problem is when agencies fail to actually enforce the laws that already exist.
I think murder is illegal already too.
What’s funny is there already is a background check law
And not one single mass shooting was committed by someone with a gun purchased from a private seller in the parking lot of a gun show, aka "the gun show loophole."
Except Columbine where the girlfriend got the guns at a gun show. So, there's that.
Which was a straw purchase and also - guess what - completely illegal.
Did she get them from a private dealer? Also, was she unable to pass a background check, if she had to undergo one?
I keep seeing people suggest total gun bans, pure idiocy. Mexico's biggest economy would become running guns.
Recently read Sapiens by Yuval Noah Harrari and it was one of the best books I’ve ever read in that it discussed history and sociology in an empirical manner, deriving it’s viewpoints— at least in part 3 of the book— from statistical data. Most people are truly unaware of how safe the modern era is in relation to our history. I don’t recall the exact statistics but it’s something like less than 300,000 individuals died from war and violent crimes— relative to suicide which led to over 800,000 deaths and Heart disease which was in the millions. My point is that we have it great right now, at the very least we statistically have it great. No time since time immemorial of the Hominid genus have we ever had more relative peace, order and general well being. I feel like these shootings, although treacherous and incomprehensibly vile spread much fear and hatred for our world and the United States today while in reality it’s literally the best time to be alive from a statistical standpoint.
European countries banned guns, so people just use cars instead.
Or use guns like Paris
Shhh that one doesn't count. Guns stop existing if they get banned, remember?
Or knives
Or acid
Or bombs
Actually, they still shoot up places a lot.
I'll take my chances with the cars thanks.
You're way more likely to die in your car on the way to work
should be doing it at the FBI. make them actually investigate threats that are reported to them.



"Teens lay in front of the White House for three minutes"
the three minutes were on purpose and signified the amount of time that the bullets rang out
It’s fast. Isn’t it? Imagine if your life was turned around in three minutes.
In my eyes as soon as you get rid of the second amendment (Ability to defend your rights) you no longer have any rights
"Those who beat their swords to plowshares wind up plowing for those who kept their swords."
Maybe we should take away their 1st amendment rights.
The same people who were clamoring for (unconstitutional) hate speech laws really doubled down on the cries of LITERALLY HITLER when Trump so much as mentioned doing exactly that re: libel laws in the press.
The SAME people? You keep a list or something?
It's interesting that the same people screaming that Trump is the next Hitler are the same people screaming ban guns. Like, can they put 2 and 2 together?
There were self-proclaimed anarchists asking cops for protection during some of the Antifa/alt-right clashes.
So this is Trump’s fault? Why didn’t anyone do this when Obama was president? Really makes you think!
CNN will say they found images of Pepe on the shooter's computer and blame the evil white supremacist symbol of Pepe.
they already claimed he was a white nationalist because some people on 4chan told the media and they bought it without question. yeah, didn't see many sites announce those retractions with any sort of noise.
https://www.cbsnews.com/news/how-many-gun-control-proposals-have-been-offered-since-2011/#
As a liberal minded millennial who shot his AR15, as well as an AK, this weekend, I don't understand what more regulations are supposed to accomplish. The FBI and local law enforcement dropped the ball on this one, they could have stopped it long ago, but just didn't for whatever reason.
And the point of this is..? Teenagers don't have any idea what they are talking about. They have no solid proposal that would actually stop or make a difference in what happened. Acting as if the president is somehow responsible for what happened is cruel and also factually incorrect.
The point is to pressure the White House to act on this issue? You do know that, contrary to what you may think, inaction doesn't actually resolve anything, right?
How about instead of a lie in, they just stop bullying each other and treating each other like shit so this stuff doesn't happen anymore? Source: was a teen a few years back
It's been a long time since I was a teen, but.
Folks so far say you blaming the victims, and they may not be wrong, but at the same time how much longer can we stick our heads in the sand about how kids treat other kids. You want to say these kids didn't deserve to die, but at the same time how often do we see in the news about a teenager/pre-teen killing themselves, due to the pressure put upon them by other kids.
It's almost as if we were to ban guns they say there would be peace, but the peace must be so incredibly flimsy if the only thing keeping us from murdering each other is that we can't get our hands on one of the numerous tools to do so
Yeah, I had kind of a fucked up thought the other day that I actually empathize (sympathize?) with some school shooters, since I've been in that horrible place of being bullied by literally everyone in my grade, and just wanting to burn the place to the ground or kill a bunch of people.
I've been there. I was voted "most likely to go Columbine" in middle school, but I had no interest/family resources regarding gun ownership. I was just quietly boiling for a few years. Things got really fucked up when I went to a summer camp and encountered new and impressive forms of bullying that nearly pushed me over the edge - I got in a handful of fights and discovered just how scary my anger could make me.
That solution is too hard. Implement a law and sleep good at night.
Calendar is U.S. based.
I'm 99% sure this is a parody of Governor Ronald Reagan enacting gun control as a means to disarm black civil rights activists.
Well spotted.
Ronald Reagan? The actor??
Then who was Lt. Governor? Jerry Lewis!?
Vice President ;)
I suppose that Jane Wyneman is the first lady!
And Jack Benny the secretary of the treasury!
*Wyman.
Yes but in this joke Reagan is still governor not president yet.
Peter, you're the one from the future
You nailed it!
100% what it was, NRA champion Reagan used gun control to disarm Panthers and other activists... Ironically that gun control law is what more or less eventually led to the second amendment being reinterpreted as it is today
What's hilarious is that all that open-carry being allowed under the law? It was the Black Panthers who figured that one out. They'd rock up to meetings with M1s and 1911s...and cops were shocked when they found out they were all legal.
Exactly and we can't have minorities expressing their rights
We let them exercise rights, and next thing you know, they'll be getting uppity and think that they have a right to public office.
How was the second amendment interpreted differently prior to such gun control laws?
“People have a right to respond with violence against rule that leaves them with no other choice”. “People have the right to fight back against injust rule”.
To expand: "Arms" = "Weapons in common use" whether it be swords, stones, or cannons. We've significantly narrowed the definition to "firearms" over the decades, but there was a taser/stungun SCOTUS case which expanded back up.
The right to have bear arms, right?
No, the right to arm bears
They also slipped in a jab about the groups claiming to want "sensible gun legislation" using that as code for "total gun ban".
The best satire is the kind that makes fun of both sides.
As she said, sensible gun legislation.
the one to many line came from a Canadian politician saying: "one Jew is to many" about a ship from Europe full of Jewish refugees. This was a while back.
Good to know. I'm not that familiar with Canadian political history. That sounds like a pretty esoteric reference even for most Canadians.
Most nations said some bs like that.
Bingo! I commented the same thing but I suspect you're right.
Wait... What? You commented the same thing and agree with yourself?
If you think about it... Why would any sane person not agree with themselves?
You're right
No he isn't
Yes he is
No he isn’t
I think that will only work once mate.
Fuck you, it will definitely work if it is done again
Righto! I said a similar sentiment but I believe you are correct
Do you have any examples of your username? You can just go ahead and PM them to me...
Maybe consider Jesus.
So what are you doing Tuesday?
No plans, why what's up?
I'll accept them as well, even if they're not my specialty.
Woah. So the government didn't like the black panthers and quite literally came for their guns as an attempt to disarm them.
But that's okay, because they're black! White people cannot possibly be dangerous, so disarming them is actually aggravating and unconstitutional.
I’m pretty sure that if every black and Muslim man in America started carrying AR-15s tomorrow, assault rifles would be illegal by the end of the week.
Interesting I ran the numbers once and a state's Brady score has virtually 0 correlation to it's gun violence. However it does correlate to the percentage of it's population that isn't white.
Assault rifles are already illegal unless you pay $200 to go through an often multiple year federal background check, and even then assault rifles are still tens of thousands of dollars apiece.
unless you pay $200 to go through an often multiple year federal background check,
AR15s are not assault rifles
Alright fine, if every black man and muslim started carrying a blue AR from from Fortnite THEN they'd be banned
It's funny because this exact thing happened in Cali when the Black panthers started carrying guns. Californians hated the idea of black people carrying guns so they made laws to prohibit it for everyone. IIt's called the Mulford Act.
And it was signed into law by republican saint Reagan.
Yup before the NRA began to wield an obscene amount of influence and any modicum of gun control became political suicide for republicans.
Ironically, it was this exact issue that reformed the NRA. NRA members saw the government disarming the black panthers and freaked out afraid the government would try to disarm other political dissenters.
I'm surprised they're that forward thinking tbh.
Less forward thinking and more very worried about the Gubmint comin' ter snatch my guns away. On the real though despite the intense lobbying done by the NRA, going to a shooting range is usually an informative, interesting, and friendly experience. Usually the guys there (NRA certified) are pretty helpful, they want you to be doing it the right way, it's very safety and fun oriented. It's unfortunate that something which is a hobby/ support/means of personal protection to me and others is also a means of inflicting senseless violence in the eyes of others.
If anything its unfortunate the NRA doesn't vocalize this part of their history. Frankly, they did more for the civil rights movement than other group. They made it so the government had to address the issue or face violence.
But wait Malcolm X was in my history books...
Yeah but not his writings or any speeches he gave. Just that he was part of the movement, converted to Islam, and was shot.
I mean, King Jr.'s only speech we ever read in high school was"I Have a Dream." Other than that, he was part of the movement, a Christian preacher, and was shot.
Well yeah, if you get into it more then that you might have to learn that Dr. King was a "spooky socialist" with a bone to pick against capitalism.
I believe strongly in the 2nd amendment but the NRA today are frankly disgusting. Have you seen those commercials they put out? I'm left wing and I believe in gun rights. But I clearly cannot support the NRA. They've made it clear I'm not wanted. You'd think they would be bipartisan and focus on the issue that their whole fucking thing is supposed to be about. But no I'm what's wrong with America even though I agree with them, just because I don't blindly support the Republican party.
Holy crap the commercials. Nothing but shitty propaganda.
Especially since there are a lot more pro-gun Democrats in this country than a lot of people think. There are even a few blue or light blue states that are fairly lax on guns, mainly Oregon, Colorado, Nevada, Pennsylvania, and Vermont. Heck, Vermont is one of the most heavily democratic states and the NRA ranks it #2 in the country.
I've never seen one. I guess they only play on Fox News and the like. They do a terrible job reaching out to spread a pro gun message. They only seem to preach to their own choir.
You should, I was seeing them on YouTube a few months ago. They are downright shocking.
Search for Dana Loesch NRA on Youtube.
they have changed their tone and rhetoric vastly in my lifetime. Then again HW Bush did rescind support for them because they changed from "lets protect the right to own guns" to "lets make fucking machine guns legal" so maybe not that much.
https://youtu.be/PrnIVVWtAag
Sometimes number are less important that blind, propagandized loyalty. If you invite other people into the circle then it might force compromise, and god forbid that.
This particualr one is quite unsettling. And hyperpartisan.
Example
I'm conservative leaning and I stopped paying my NRA membership because I just don't support them anymore
?
More than any other group? Really? I mean. REALLY?!
because if they spin some marketing about how they fought against Reagan then they'd lose support from their base because Reagan is untouchable in those circles.
Yep, banned loaded open carry, and then in 2014 Jerry Brown banned unloaded open carry. In most places you can’t even get a CCW either, so CA has become a state where you can have guns but no legal way to carry them
This is the case here in Canada. You can legally transport a gun from your home to a firing range / hunting location and back. That’s pretty much it, except for special provisions for certain people who work in the wilderness. You also need a trigger lock and a locked case for transport. As an occasional sport shooter I think this makes sense.
“Well when you and your idiot buddies roll into your local Starbucks carrying your ARs, telling everyone it’s your right to open carry and attracting all this attention, I’d say you screwed it up for all of us.”
But as was in the original post I replied to, it wasn’t dudes carrying into Starbucks that ruined it, it was the black panthers carrying into the capital.
Don't forget the state also keeps lowing the bar as to what constitutes an assault weapon. First they made detachable magazines in weapons with too many "evil" features (pistol grips, flash hiders, collapsible stocks, etc.) illegal, but people figured out if you needed a tool to release the mag, you could have all those banned features, thus the bullet button, a recessed magazine release. Then dems started demonizing it, so that got banned recently, too. So a new design was made that requires you to partially disassemble the gun to take the mag out.
Yep, I know it all too well. I went featureless, fuck everything about the fixed mag.
CA has become a you can have guns but no legal way to carry them
Forgot a few words, thanks
Curious question here, I wonder if that means gun owners can get arrested for carrying their firearms from the car to their house? Or even from the store they just went through background check at to their car? I know when I bought my mosin nagant that I didn't have a case or a box or anything. Just literally walked to my car with a rifle slung over my shoulder, granted this was in AZ.
There are transport rules that if followed allow you to legally take a gun from point a to point b. One that I know of is having to have any gun you are carrying in your vehicle to be either in a locked container or in the trunk which acts as a locked container. Essentially it has to be out of reach or the driver and locked in something.
Actually that only applies to handguns - you can have a shotgun or AR15 in your car on the seat and it is 100% legal. You wouldn't for obvious reasons tho
Thoughts and prayers, thoughts and prayers.
Thoughts and prayers, obviously
I was banned from r/pics for spamming that in response to every asinine comment after the Florida shooting.
That was very brave of you.











I was banned from r/pics for spamming an asinine comment in response to every asinine comment
/r/madlads
Thoughts and prayers
Thoughts and prayers.
thots and players.
What we really need, IMO.
Then start playing the thots.
i respect your message but not your methods
You responded to every commend with that, including calls for legislation.
I like how people are posting photos of victims for internet points. Are upvotes better than thoughts and prayers? What if OP gets gold?
Of course thoughts n prayers
Still too hot
Gun Fever and Gun Fever 2 are some of the best episodes of it's always Sunny in Philadelphia.
What an amazing episode to deal with a political issue. You have both sides presented, each with pros and cons.
Like ships in the night
The government of today has no right telling us how to live our lives, because the government of 200 years ago already did!
Pretty sure they just said everything you’re not allowed to say on Reddit. Love it.
This was one of the funniest parts of the last season for me, Bojack has really been nailing its social commentary.
Diane's instantaneous shift to aggressively pro-gun was fuckin' hilarious.
And the politician's instantaneous shift to Anti Gun!
Mulford Act for women?
Mufford Act.
Nice
Someone once said if you want gun control laws, arm every minority.
I think that the people replying to you don’t know the history of the Mulford act and similar bans on open carry.
Also the Mulford act is wicked fucked up.
ehhhh its fine, its not like Im saying it, but i do understand the impulse to jump the gun as it were.
When the actual black panthers (topical!) started open carrying back in the day they caused a panic and we had the most conservative politicians in the country start calling for and passing restrictive firearms and carry laws. A lot of the gun restrictions we have today are a direct result of that time.
Reagan may have been "conservative" by some definitions, but he leaned way to far to the authoritarian end of the spectrum for many.
but he leaned way to far to the authoritarian end of the spectrum for many.
I've only read this 85 times in this comment section so far
What are you talking about? The Mulford act was sponsored by 5 state assemblymen, 3 of whom were Democrats, in a Democrat majority House.
I don't know why people are trying to claim this was a conservative thing. It was in California and as you say, a Democratic House.
So the humans just live in a world where animals are their size and can talk?
How else can you make top tier animal puns and alliterations?
"Lowes but like a animal version"
I love that because it only really works because so many of the other ones are so clever, and then they hit you with this and it makes it 100x funnier.
“A Ryan Seacrest Type”
What killed me was Vincent Adultman. That character is perfect.
Don't forget the celebrity animal names. Quentin Tarantulino with his many arms, Cameron Crowe the raven and Michael Fox the wolf. I love how slow they made Michael Fox for that short scene
Yes. We just go with it.
Hahaha, I wondered the same thing before I started watching the show, now I hardly notice. I like that most all the other comments are people discussing the content of the clip, while you're just like "the fuck is up with these animal-people?"
Yes and it makes for some incredible comedy.
And uncomfortable bestiality scenes
For some reason the scenes between Bojack and random women are just kind of normal, but the PB/Diane scene was just... really weird.
“Neigh!!!!”
Yep.
More concerning is that there are no regular animals (they’re all anthropomorphic) but people still eat meat
Oh that chicken. Ohhh that episode.
"This is my wife, Becca."
It is the best show ever, roll with it
Have you not watched BoJack Horseman yet? If not, you’re totally missing out!
It works because if it weren't so absurd, it would be too harrowing to watch.
We are all suckers for anthropomorphic humour, some of us just don't know it yet.
I don't think this clip is about gun control as much as it's about asinine tribal politics.
Watch the episode. Spree shootings were ruining Hollywoo films, but one still had the ability to be big and successful as it’s a woman committing the mass shooting in a mall. Diane figured that guns were going nowhere, so she decided to become a hawk and have all women arm themselves. This is in part due to her husband, a Dog named Mr. Peantubutter, running for Governor as a pro gun candidate.
I have seen the episode, love the show.
Fair enough , it’s an awesome show! But, I legitimately am struggling to see how tribal politics was part of the episode. And, I promise I’m not trying to concern troll you or anything like that, but I just don’t see it if you would like to explain.
They have tiers of group-thinking, a lower level is no gun control whatsoever, but higher than that is degrading and controlling women. They abandon their entrenched position on the former in order to all move on to the second issue as a unit. I didn't express this in the original comment but when I saw the episode I ended up thinking it was a commentary on sexism more than on guns, but that most people would see it as commentary on guns since a big part of the plot is the shootings and that film they are making with gun violence in it.
Given the final punchline of this clip I'd be inclined to agree. The full episode undoubtedly centres on gun control, but this little segment was a nice succint commentary on the futility of modern politics and sexism/patriarchal society.
Did you not hear the literal punchline at the end of the clip?
And sexism.
Yeah, gun control is just there as the big issue to be dwarfed by sexism
What happened to the good old days where you could come home to your wife and if she didn't make the meal perfeclty you could beat her to a pulp because she was your property?
“Those were the days” “You say that like you long for those days” “No, I’m just saying, those were the days”
It heavily mirrors the push to ban guns in CA during the 60s when the Black Panthers were open carrying. Pretty sure that's what it's referring to.
This is why the ACLU despite not supporting personal gun rights sometimes supports personal gun rights. Almost every attack on them disproportionately affects people who are poor, and thus disproportionately effects people who are black, hispanic.
Gun control has historically often been systematically racist (Black Panthers/African Americans, Jewish Germans) and used to target minorities, which is what this clip is referencing
And yet people still don’t see the connection between legislators passing more restrictive gun control laws in urban areas and the demographics of those areas. Gun control still winds up targeting minorities whether it’s intentional these days or not.
And yet people still don’t see the connection between legislators passing more restrictive gun control laws in urban areas and the demographics of those areas.
This, but in real life with hat pins.
I have to wonder if California will actually be the first state to ban guns... then it'll be 'BoJack predicted it' instead of 'simpsons predicted it'.....
I'm still waiting for us to become Hollywoo.
"You passed sensible gun legislation" Ownership of guns is completely banned
This show in general is so Californian it's amazing. Specifically, it's so L.A. I work in fine dining catering while still being poor as dirt, so I've intermingled a lot in the different social and economic classes in this city and this show depicts this city so accurately. It's become one of my favorite shows.
Sensible is a tricky word.
I love how everyone that brings up the US as the only first-world country to still have an epidemic of mass shootings gets downvoted now. Like, the truth is the truth whether or not you downvote it. Why not learn from others' examples?
"A polite society, is an armed society" is something I've actually seen people say. As if people, for instance, in the UK regularly engage in fist fights because no one carries weapons all the time
What? There are no other first world countries! Just US baby! USA USA USA! /s
Thots and prayers
Repost!from the last mass shooting...
I'll play ball here. I support strict gun laws (like mandatory training before being allowed to have one) but I'm not so sure that banning them would be wise, because of their utility in defense situations. My girlfriend is a survivor of abuse & rape, & she could not reasonably defend herself against a man in her home but for her gun. That's one little anecdote to spell out the importance of guns. And this gets a little silly to talk about guns for a week after each mass murder... it comes across like people aren't serious about it (& yet here I am joining in with the discussion).
And this gets a little silly to talk about guns for a week after each mass murder... it comes across like people aren't serious about it (& yet here I am joining in with the discussion).
https://www.ua.edu/news/2017/10/ua-researcher-changes-needed-to-news-coverage-of-mass-shooters/#.Woip60BbYld.facebook
I am glad people are producing new research but this has been known since the first Colombine copycat.
But yet we still do it.
Freedom of press is a bitch, especially when that same press values the dollar over you.
I think you gf was lucky enough to have access to her gun in time to defend herself. Lot of stories I heard ends up with women unable to do anything due to the raper being on them even before they could understand something was going wrong.
There's a pretty wide margin that lies between 'regulate guns better' and 'ban all guns'. I think most Americans believe that people need to be able possess an effective physical means of defending themselves. There are a lot of communities in the US that have unacceptably long police response times, and most people are aware of that.
You should mention that fully automatic weapons were rarely used in crimes before they were fully banned. There have only been three cases of legally-owned, fully-automatic firearms being used in crimes since 1934 and one of those was by a cop. Semi-automatics have always been cheaper to acquire and easier to use. If you look at the statistics, criminals overwhelmingly prefer handguns.
However, the US effectively did do it with fully automatic weapons back in the 1980s, and then almost did it with 'high capacity' magazines
The point is that they change hands less often, they become more expensive as a result, and they then become less available. If something costs $30,000, then it costs $30,000 whether you are a 'bad guy' or a 'good guy'. But if, for some reason, you happen to want them to be available, then this is still a bad outcome as far as you are likely to be concerned. Most people, however, do not want fully automatic weapons to be available, and that is what matters (or what should matter, at least).
If you are going to require training before exercising constitutionally protected rights, start with voting. Poorly cast votes have killed far more than criminals with firearms.
It's called education & there is indeed a mandate. Let's not change the topic.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6imFvSua3Kg
Food for thought, when a police officer shoots an unarmed civilian no one ever blames the gun, they ALWAYS blame the officer. His mental state, racial biases, temperament, all of this is in play...
Uh there's no food for thought there. Everyone is aware people kill people with guns. A gun without a person is just a stupid looking modern sword.
And boom goes the dynamite
